Washington DC swamp creatures trying to join the @realDonaldTrump administration right now 
As of 2022
and all the data. So you can recreate any given note independently. It total absolute transparency in every way. The counter to
This is the sort of reasoned debate that I like to see on this platform
leading both the free and grossing categories on the AppStore 
Static fire of Super Heavy booster 
all government information should be public.“I think that the strong bias with respect to government information should be to make it available to the public.Lets be as transparent as possible. Fully transparent.Unless
Fertility Rates in Canada
adjust airflow & more on the rear display
Rob Baron Says Elon Musk Will Bring the Efficiency of Tesla & SpaceX to the U.S. Government“The government wanted to send people back and forth to the International Space Station…So they gave two contracts — one to Boeing for $4.3B and a year later to SpaceX for $2.1B. SpaceX
If 𝕏 leans right then it’s because America leans right.If people don’t like this then they should battle it out in the marketplace of ideas. Censorship shouldn’t be the default response.Hiding in echo chambers is no longer viable. Especially if you want to win elections.
 INSIDE KAMALA HARRIS’S OPEN-BORDERS ALLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS BUREAUCRATS:U.S. taxpayer dollars were spent on foreign nationals’ salaries so they could advise other foreign nationals on the easiest way to migrate to the United States. At least $81.7 million in U.S.
Wisconsin received $1M for signing our petition to support the Constitution.Every day until Election Day
threat to BUREAUCRACY!!!
November 18 → http://spacex.com/launches/mission/?missionId=starship-flight-6…
SpaceX plans to launch 6 rockets in 6 days including Starship IFT-6 on next Monday (plus 5 Falcon 9s with 3 Starlink missions and 2 other deliveries in orbit).Godspeed!
xAI here on X!
John Bolton
Correct. In fact
they passed a law making it illegal to show ID in any election in California.A friend of mine went to vote in Palo Alto
9 out of 10 FDA commissioners went on to work for the pharmaceutical companies they were in charge of regulating.Approximately 65% of the FDAs drug review budget comes directly from the pharmaceutical industry.Americans are the sickest people on the
the most succinct and accurate explanation by @DavidSacks of why what Donald Trump is trying to do is actually going to restore democracy and not bring about a dictatorship.
“No one knows it’s me” – thought bubble
now
“The thing about censorship
NEWS: @xAI announces that starting today
laws and regulations and regulatory authorities”
ELON: I DON’T WANT TO ESCAPE TO MARS
‘By adopting this label
restoring the Presidents authority to remove rogue bureaucrats.”2. “Clean out all of the corrupt actors in our national security and intelligence apparatus.”3. “Totally reform
iOS soon)
in preparation for special elections and the midterms.
being against someone is a great sign! Gaetz will be great.
Hop in boys and girls
I will fight for you every single day with every breath in my body. Together
Lots of articles on how MSNBCs audience has completely collapsed -- disappeared -- once Kamala lost and the got disillusioned
Janja da Silva
but also the popular vote
reply
not Thune or Cornyn.Make sure they hear you.
Yup
so there be no more swing states. America will become a one-party
and her ballot was rejected.If you have already voted
It’s becoming exciting again to be an American. x.com/elonmusk/statu…
Yes
and point of view -- You will always have a place to engage and join the global conversation freely and safely. Legacy gatekeepers are yesterday’s “news.” 
we want to restore freedom to the people.”
I don\t trust OpenAI and Sam Altman. I don\t think we want to have the most powerful AI in the world controlled by someone who is not trustworthy.一 Elon Musk
Power to the people!
Never forget that Scientific American (@sciam) somehow allowed this shockingly moronic sentence to slip past their editors in a piece aimed at shaming the recently deceased E.O. Wilson
Last night with @realDonaldTrump & @JMilei
just said “fuck you
It would be great to talk more about health and wellness on 𝕏. Share your thoughts on diet
just like a physical virus.
batch inference
but to increase the lifespan of civilization and life itself.“Technically
work with the National Guard
people
the individual
Every single person with a shred of common sense is absolutely tired of the woke crap.It had a good run from 2014-2022. Now
but almost all the legacy mainstream media pushed a completely false reality.They lied to you.
People are moving to 𝕏 to discover the truth in real-time.
Haha true
If you have a clear view of the sky
The official Harris/Walz Freedom Town USA map in Fortnite is astoundingly tone-deaf.  No weapons allowed
as the House has already done on a bipartisan basis. If Majority Leader Schumer does
First he contaminates the web with woke nonsense
are the media now
This is a meme from six years ago. At the time
Let’s make it clear to the Senate that we elected Donald Trump and therefore the Majority Leader should be someone who voters feel will help him get his agenda done.The people want Rick Scott
this is beyond parody.  x.com/trhlofficial/s…
Sure does …
Hits hard.
“At SpaceX we specialize in converting things from impossible to late.”Elon Musk
Facebook
It really is
supposedly land of the free and the government can barge into your home with guns?”
giving the GOP a Trifecta; Control of both chambers of Congress and the Presidency.
Elon Musk said today:“I think this will be the most transformative presidency
 Yes! 
you can also gift Premium to users who might not be able to.Makes a great gift for Christmas and also good way to encourage newer users to be active on this platform.
etc.).
the same penmanship
They say red light helps you sleep better
BLINK and you missed it!  x.com/stevenmarkryan…
such real-time vehicle diagnostics and safety monitoring.
but difficult to pay it off.So it is with freedom. It’s easy to let freedom slip away
What should reassure every Tesla investor:provide advice and guidance from OUTSIDE of Governmentlimited to 21 months
manufactured by SpaceX
It will get far worse under a Kamala puppet regime
has the house
@elonmusk. 
Let that sink in
but outright evil
Trust in the legacy media is rightfully at an all-time low and declining. Send http://X.com links to friends
Elon on Joe Rogan: If you don\t have freedom of speech
This is a massive sea change
” that means your ballot was RECEIVEDIf it doesn’t say returned
X is not a bubble.It is signal.
Japan
JOE ROGAN: OBAMA STRAIGHT UP LIEDObama during the Kamala Harris campaign really changed my opinion of him. I used to have a high opinion of him as an intelligent person.
Florida
SOROS: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLEELON: JOIN TEAM HUMANITYAlex Soros: “Too many Democrats are fighting each other over campaign tactics
Elon Musk shares a moment of sweet victory for America with Javier Milei. There’s also a slight sense of urgency based on enormous changes that must be made.
it’s just DC elite squabbling over who gets what. The rest of the country doesn’t really care. Whatever’s happening…. It’s not politics as usual. Something is
fire every Trump appointed member of the DOJ
are about to completely and totally drain the swamp out of D.C. I LOVE my country.
education
bankrupt and imprison for eternity
Chair of D.O.G.E
I asked Grok to generate an image of The View 
and redock to Harmony’s space-facing port
Huge thank you to everyone who supported this platform and our mutual quest to support freedom of speech!
Similar situation in the USA
I am thrilled to announce Robert F. Kennedy Jr. as The United States Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS). For too long
Sam Altman is not a trustworthy person.
NEWS: Clarus Networks Group has announced they offer a fully certified Starlink service for trains.In partnership with ScotRail and supported by the Scottish Futures Trust
for those who would advocate it
and California. This is twice as many launches as Europe has completed throughout all of 2024.
so now you can be thrown in prison for 15 years in the UK for simply VIEWING what they deem as propaganda now? x.com/frognscorpion/…
The public deserves to know
Targeting Tuesday
I look at it as a champion lion and a champion cheetah coming together
During the COVID lockdowns in 2020
but she would think very differently if on the front lines herself.
What is needed in Britain 
SpaceX completed two launches. So far in 2024
and remade X to be the number one social media and news app on the globe. Adopt that model for the US government and he and @VivekGRamaswamy will make history and kick of a new era of liberty.
I voted. Even in ‘blue’ California. CA has far more Trump supporters than you’d imagine! No matter how blue you think your state is - VOTE! 
E203: trump wins!the besties break down how it happened and whats next(0:00) bestie intros!(4:55) sacks recaps election night at mar-a-lago(8:28) how trump won
helped circumvent the narrative gatekeepers so people could hear the other side.Im not sure if this outcome would have been possible otherwise.
and have me arrested for
and they
1. Tonight I hosted & moderated a forum for GOP senators
I came back to him because
Dichiarazione del Presidente della Repubblica Sergio #Mattarella:
Hacked to death with a machete. Six months in jail. Try posting a mean tweet on social media and you’ll get a year long jail sentence
000 metric tons of thrust.More importantly
Starship moved to the pad at Starbase in advance of our sixth flight test
accounts you have blocked can now see your posts.•\xa0Blocked accounts cannot engage with your posts
Matt.
including Starship
only 35% have confidence in newspapers.
A woman who previously voted for Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden has decided to support Donald Trump this year. She attributes her change in perspective not only to witnessing what she perceives as the country’s decline over the past four years
there will be none of that nonsense this time. They won’t even try.
The mainstream media has been exposed for being the propaganda wing of the Democrat Party. Americans are waking up.
that The Federal Reserve is unconstitutional to
 BREAKING: Trump announces Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy will head the Department of Government Efficiency.It will slash excess regulations and cut wasteful expenditures.
accusing them of defamation and political bias.The suits
000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations
voting is how you fix them
How biased is ChatGPT?I found it favors Kamala Harris—so I built a fact-checker using @Grok.The potential of truth-seeking @xAI is limitless.
Grok can now show you posts & web results immediately - no need to wait for response completion.(Web/Android
All actions of the Department of Government Efficiency will be posted online for maximum transparency.Anytime the public thinks we are cutting something important or not cutting something wasteful
In a properly functioning democracy
Congratulations
 1. Have you ever wondered why reporters don’t seem to hesitate to say and repeat things about Donald Trump that simply aren’t true—as if they have no fear of defamation liability?
Historical guilt is dumb
The entire Democratic party has become a Portlandia sketch. — Bill Maher x.com/billmaher/stat…
I was just reading 𝕏 and combining that with real-time swing state voting data sent to me by my @America PAC team
@RepMattGaetz!
Milwaukee reported ~108K absentee ballots
And let us strive for ever greater heights!
called Pete Hegseth a fantastic choice for defense secretary
now leading in both free and grossing categories.The platform also saw a surge in new sign-ups
but youre simply wrong. Im a left-leaning liberal whos fiercely anti-authoritarian
Great summary edit of my conversation with @JoeRogan
Another Falcon launch
BREAKING: The Pentagon reportedly failed to send absentee ballots to active military service members before the election.
immigration
none of the many short sellers who egregiously manipulated Tesla stock for years and lied repeatedly on TV have been prosecuted. Not one.
and 108% of of the BBC News channel.People have lost faith in the MSM!
Solar power will be the vast majority of power generation in the future
It’s truly amazing what people are capable of
Stop listening to mainstream media
Every year
I want to build rockets and cars. I just love creating technologies that people find useful
burning ~80% liquid oxygen and ~20% liquid methane (very low
Haha so accurate!!
000 per package
 THE LEFT: “ELON BEAMED VOTES FROM SPACE TO MAKE TRUMP WIN!”Hold onto your tin foil hats! Some Kamala die-hard fans are reportedly dead sure Elon hacked the election from Space... likely with the help of little green men.The “proof”? A Kamala said something about
How @Starlink works
we havent had a Department of Justice
The reality of this election was plain to see on 𝕏
Live on this platform tomorrow and Tuesday!
Elon Musk explains the importance of creating the Department of Government Efficiency.There are around 428 federal agencies. There so many that people have never even heard of. I think we should be able to get away with 99 agencies.
but I don\t want to be President
your freedom is eroded with millions of new rules. High time your freedom was restored!
Interesting thread
Such a cult!
You
Donald Trump gained support in 49 out of 50 states from 2020 to 2024
Model 3 Performance is “Lamborghini performance at a fraction of the price”Thanks @edmunds!https://edmunds.com/car-news/2024-tesla-model-3-performance-full-rating.html…
Wow
Humanity is the steward of life as we know it
an attorney paid for by the United States taxpayers. Absolutely sickening.
Pretty crazy launch schedule for @SpaceX   • Nov 9 – Starlink Group 9-10         • Nov 10 – Starlink Group 6-69        • Nov 11 – Koreasat 6A        • Nov 12 – Starlink Group 9-11        • Nov 13 – Starlink Group 6-68
That is the goal
She has always voted by mail in Nevada as a Democrat and has never had a single problem. This year she mailed in her ballot
from driving to buying cough medicine.But
biology
British police visited and questioned a journalist in her home because someone was offended by a year old post on X.Yes
Deregulation (defanging the SEC
Politicians will stand up and lie to millions of people and then in the next breath talk about the dangers of misinformation.
I’m watching myself watch this 
It’s true.
the Senate and the House.They lost: - all three blue wall states- both southern swing states- they lost Arizona and even Nevada- 1 in 3 black and Hispanic voters voted for Trump- Donald Trump
NYC Mayor Eric Adams explains that the American people care more about issues that impact them
even in deep-blue strongholds. In LA
It is critically important to defund + investigate the NGOs who facilitated the migrant crisis with billions of federal taxpayer dollars.Corrupt federal officials have quite literally been the architects of an incentive structure in which taxpayers pay them billions of dollars
Great song
Just asked Grok about this photo:The image depicts a Falcon 9 rocket
000 to study the secret language of butchers in Paris.3. $750
It’s very important to understand what Casey wants to do is totally unprecedented. (And ILLEGAL) x.com/Matt_Gruda/sta…
Falcon 9’s first stage lands on the Of Course I Still Love You droneship
HOW 1 CITY ATTORNEY TOOK DOWN NEWSOM’S NO-VOTER-ID POLICYGov. Newsom’s “no voter ID” law argued that requiring ID would “disenfranchise” low-income and minority voters — despite ID being required for almost everything else
“Scientific” American needs a change in management
I’ve known Elon for 28 years and invested with him in 7 startups.I have never seen anything like his bravery in Dec 2008. Here is the interview I did with him on this topic — the most extraordinary act of entrepreneurial zeal I have ever seen: https://youtu.be/Zy5Hj7x_OEA?si=C6O8YqIOkw_42XCe&t=110…Elon
and inspiring for the future than to have a base on Mars.It would be incredibly difficult.\xa0Probably lots of people will die
Green Berets
Good point
I want to save America rather than my modeling job”@mayemusk
such that it is not monopolistically held in a purely digital form by governments and large corporations.”  – Elon Musk
The same people who hate Elon Musk are often the ones who believe everything they see on News TV.
please check to make sure that your ballot was
Elon Musk: It was outrageous that Twitter suspended the account of a sitting president.“The reason I felt it was important to acquire Twitter was because I could really feel the walls closing in. It was outrageous that they suspended the account of a sitting president. Thats
We must dismantle the censorship cartel and restore free speech rights for everyday Americans.
Which one would do a better job of deciding interest rates?
Test drive a Tesla and see for yourself!
 Let’s go
 JOE ROGAN: “Obama during the Kamala Harris campaign really changed my opinion of him. I used to have a high opinion of him as an intelligent person. I thought he was just caught up in the system. Watching him straight up lie about Trump
and the government eating the entire economy
The next senator for Florida should be @LaraLeaTrump The Senate is an old man’s club. We desperately need a smart
Awesome 
This debt growth is unsustainable
诞 NativitasOpen edition on @Highlight_xyz with @zerion
Donald Trump won the electoral vote and the popular vote. We control both chambers of Congress. CNN and MSNBC are going broke.Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy are going to take a sledgehammer to government waste. We have a border czar who is immune from liberal guilt about
The New York Times is pure propaganda
Elon Musks Thoughts on the Teachings of Christ: Be Strong FirstMany people (including at the Town Halls) want to know where Elon stands today on Christianity. Heres his response at the Town Hall on Oct 26 in Lancaster. Elon: I was brought up Christian and went to Sunday
just go do something else is what were going to say.
well just go bankrupt.”
realtime info.
as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by 40% of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.”
The whole squad
If Kamala Harris had won
NEWS: @SpaceX Crew Dragon Freedom has successfully completed its port relocation maneuver at the International Space Station this morning.01:23  Start15:21  Undock sequence start20:19  Undock1:09:23  Redocking
BREAKING: 𝕏 is now the #1 news app in Brazil
President Trump was banned from Youtube Jan 21 to March 23. He was therefore forced to post new policy videos to Rumble. Such as this one
where Starbase is
Scott Bessent is eminently more qualified than Howard Lutnick to run the U.S. Treasury. Scott understands markets
 I love this 
Should your tax dollars really be paying for an organization run by people who think the truth is a “distraction”?
people can\t make an informed vote. If they\re just being fed propaganda
𝕏 is the only source of news I trust.
Speaking of misinformation …
She wants to break the Constitution
Fattest
Support the right to bear arms!
or indirect via inflation due to increasing the money supply.
Over 180
The Department of InJustice needs major reform!
we’re seeing Fortune 1000 CEOs and technical leaders use X directly. No more marketing team facilitating templated posts. X is the free market for ideas for the movers and shakers x.com/elonmusk/statu…
Talk about reaching across the aisle…Elon is now following the guy who funds organizations with the explicit agenda to “Kill Twitter.”Respect.
Department of Governmental Efficiency is gonna be sweet!
For anyone
which is whats happening. And therefore the American Dream slipping out of almost everyones hands. x.com/pmarca/status/…
folks! 
Important for Pennsylvania
what they really mean is that they want to stop anyone from contradicting their lies
the economy
this will be the last election. The Dems will legalize all the illegals in swing states
we didnt have the technology for this
Within the next 48 hours
Falcon 9 soars by an American Flag and the Moon on the way to orbit with 24 Starlink satellites. Happy Veterans Day and thank you to all who have served!
go on vacation
TRUMP SUES MEDIA OUTLETS FOR $10 BILLION
and Katy Perry the night before her election loss to Trump. The spending spree left the campaign $20 million in
Embarrassingly slow vote counting in California
The problem is that she places political activism above science
ELON MUSK: I was born in Africa
Trump has a lot of
unable to account for 60% of its $4.1 trillion in assets.Yes... that’s a staggering $2.46 trillion unaccounted for.If a private citizen failed even a
Nine Merlin engines at full power and liftoff of Falcon 9!
NEWS: @Starlink testimonial from Playa del Carmen
There should be no need for FOIA requests. All government data should be default public for maximum transparency.
Bingo
who wants retribution
unless the border is secure. QED.
Starship Flight 6 coming up soon!
for the people!
appoint Matthew
call your Board of Elections RIGHT
Elon Musk: Many people in the government sector could be more productive elsewhere.“We will reduce a lot of government headcount
nationalize my companies
If Kamala wins
Deployment of 24 @Starlink satellites confirmed
Full loop cycle
Republicans have a mandate from the American people to clean up the mess left by the Biden-Harris-Schumer agenda and to deliver on President Trump’s priorities — our work starts today.
\lawfare\ against Trump
Democrats and the Propaganda Press are hyperventilating over the idea of Pete Hegseth clearing out the DEI regime in the US military.Sen.-elect Slotkin: “I think we\re really at risk of politicizing the military in a way that we can\t put the genie back in the bottle.Pure
but about almost everythingAnd it’s not just the NYT
scope
If you had told me a few months ago that Id be voting for Donald Trump
’ thing
like income tax
not four.https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1YpJklWnNvdxj…
electricity prices are crazy high in the UK and Europe!
Truth wins in the end
Elon Musk: We have a bizarre situation where its easier to get into this country as a murderer than as a Nobel laureate.“We have this bizarre situation
You can keep telling yourself this
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch referenced the case of Peanut the Squirrel as a classic example of government overreach. Speaking at a Federalist Society event yesterday
The new SecDef of the USA.We are so back.
including 13 with Direct to Cell capabilities
Elon’s first email to the entire Washington DC listserv
The United States Space Force apparently believes that @SpaceX has saved them $40 billion+ over time due to lower costs and better performance. x.com/JoelSercel/sta…
”
NEWS: @Starlink testimonial from Lindesberg
A clear mandate for change from the people
equipping Class 158 trains to address
America is a nation of buildersSoon
were going to send people to Mars and make
If we succeed in achieving our objectives at DOGE
Some audiobook recommendations by @elonmusk:
.@KamalaHarris appearance on SNL “is a clear and blatant effort to evade FCC Equal Time rule for political candidates says Commissioner @BrendanCarrFCC Easy fix @NBCUniversal before Election Day…Offer @realDonaldTrump time Sunday Night Football @SNFonNBC
and its incredibly frustrating.  Not overly surprising
Incredible New Image of SaturnNASA
I have no idea what is happening here but it is the best thing I’ve seen today!
Vote for an exciting future with @realDonaldTrump!
take a 43-minute ride
government spending cuts (making room for the private sector)
BREAKING: Republicans officially retain control of the U.S. House
President-Elect Donald Trump:“I will be DEMANDING THAT VOTER I.D.
Arizona just declared for @realDonaldTrump
NEWS: @Tesla will open its first store in the Philippines on Nov. 9
The Democratic Party senate candidate in Pennsylvania is trying to change the outcome of the election by counting NON-CITIZEN votes
it is amazing how many lies the average person believes thanks to the media
So … what would you say you do here? 
Oh
69.420 on Polymarket on election day. Bookmark this!!!!!!111
we need voter ID in all 50 states.
my Uber driver didn’t have an 𝕏 account. By the end of the ride
Go vote! Do it right now!
EXCLUSIVE: NASA staff beg Elon Musk to clean house after agency spent millions of Americans money on DEI agenda | Daily MailNASA staff are calling on\xa0Elon Musk\xa0to clean house as it is revealed the agency blew millions of taxpayer money on diversity
you don’t like it that people on social media are making their voices heard?Oh
including the 1
and the Government can barge into your home with guns
Elon Musk: Trump going on lengthy podcasts made a big difference.“I think it made a big difference that President Trump and soon-to-be Vice President Vance went on lengthy podcasts.I think this really makes a difference because people look at Joe Rogans podcast
Elon Musk emails OpenAI cofoundersSeptember 20
Congrats to the Tesla Nevada team on building 1000 Powerwalls in a single day
Thank goodness for @RealTomHoman
ELON MUSK ON REDUCTION OF GOVERNMENT SPENDING:The idea of DOGE is pretty simple. We have a suffocating massive bureaucracy and government spending is bankrupting the country. Our interest payments on national debt now exceed our national defense budget. The defense budget is
and even their friends & family
Any system that has software issues is insecure. Period.No matter who wins this election
ELON MUSK: “The larger government gets
waited roughly 5 minutes for it to orientate and locate itself
Legacy media has lied to you. 𝕏 is where you can find out what’s really going on.
it’s worse
Funny because it is true. x.com/RobertMSterlin…
Maxim is the only major magazine to endorse Donald J. Trump for President. Maxim stands with Trump and Elon for freedom. @realDonaldTrump @elonmusk
The truth will set you free
Only a small handful of states have more than 10% of its votes outstanding. Nearly 40% of Utah’s votes remain uncounted
Any Republican Senator seeking the coveted LEADERSHIP position in the United States Senate must agree to Recess Appointments (in the Senate!)
I find it amazing how quickly Republicans forget what Democrats did when they were in power. It took them exactly 2 minutes to issue 46 executive orders to undo everything Donald Trump did to secure the border
crime
I feel like I’m watching the NFL draft. I’ve never seen this level of public interest in cabinet picks. Usually
Falcon 9 launches the Koreasat-6A mission to orbit from Florida and lands on Landing Zone 1
The government runs on ancient computers & software. Needs an upgrade!
Holy shit.He going for the endowments.He going to not only tax
Worth listening to this @JoeRogan episode before end of voting tomorrow
and a legacy of service that has shaped our nation’s history.
it should be this one.
didn\t learn the basics of this Constitution.After rattling off a series of debunked Trump hoaxes — including the “Trump wants to execute Liz Cheney” hoax — Scarborough again
or else the entire presidency is in jeopardy. x.com/elonmusk/statu…

Kamala turns in a catastrophic jobs report.Private sector jobs fell for the first time since the pandemic. Swamped by 40
who they tried to kill twice
but voted Republican for the first time ever
and IlyaOpenAI HQ - August 2016
no custom Building.  So free!I don\t get how they say with a straight face that this is part of their pitch to young men.
where requiring voter ID was recently made illegal …That said
why does ChatGPT have such an insane political bias? If you wanted to promote bipartisan efforts to regulate for safety
Let me tell you something about your new nominee for SecDef. Yeah he’s my friend and an awesome patriot and I’d go to the wall for him. But I’m not alone.I’m thankful that because of my job I have gotten to know hundreds of SEALS
DOJ
Inverse Cramer is beating Pelosi in the market 
in an attempt to aid former Senator Bob Casey.
. @elonmusk and @VivekGRamaswamy are about to transform the government. I am so excited about this government efficiency unit. I have some suggestions on what to cut:1.  Payments to dead people2. Money for Pakestani gender studies 3. Boosting Egyptian tourism4. Make up
Fastest internet in the sky  x.com/bscholl/status…
Chief DOGE
Marines
This platform is at all-time highs. You are the media now.
and deportation for
The mainstream media got it wrong.The fake polls got it wrong again.But the traders betting on the election got it right.Watch this video that explains how the polls lied 
CTO of the USA
ELON MUSK: Some people think their one vote doesn\t count or they don\t think it serious enough.It really important to go explain them the importance of this election and how democracy is on the line. If there any election where you ever vote
wipe out the bureaucracy. Everything else is downstream.
You are the media now.  And me too 
THEY\VE NEVER PASSED AN AUDIT? REALLY? NEVER? 
In 2022
standards for being part of Western society
Below are the R minus D early vote deltas in swing states before tomorrow. Republican turnout on election day is usually much higher than Democrat
I think this is the last election.”JOE ROGAN: “I think you’re right.”
who are the most confident of the partisan groups
The number of hoaxes pushed by democrats is mind blowing.It’s insane that these people claim that they can tell us what “disinformation” is and have plans to control our free speech when they themselves are pushing easily debunked hoaxes on the American people.The “fine x.com/elonmusk/statu…
starting November 19 at 4:20 PM.
etc.
Academia and some “think tanks” are the origin of the extinctionist mind viruses
Magnetic North is now drifting faster than 30 miles per year.It has already moved back past geological north
etc.
In addition to illegally boosting @KamalaHarris
Neuralink is already massively impressive
The future will be multiplanetary
Given the unequivocal mandate given to @realDonaldTrump from the people of America
In the last 4 years
of fascism & racism.  x.com/shellenberger/…
stop it with all the nonsense about how Elon Musk supposedly interfered with the election.
Keep sending http://X.com links to friends so they know what’s actually happening!
The prophecy has been fulfilled!
True
There will be consequences for those who pushed foreign interference hoaxes.The Hammer of Justice is coming.
Challenges ahead
000 pages of tax regulations.I think we can safely condense this.
it’s a great way to find out what’s real and not
Government Efficiency 
and there no
feels compelled to vote for the first time in his life.
The legacy media hope that a hoax a day keeps DJT away. It won’t work.
In 2014
and I texted him a few weeks before the election and told him
As of 2010
Absolute culture shift in America. 
please remember that the government has spent an average of 2 TRILLION DOLLARS more per year than it takes in
If you were wondering why Democrats fight so hard against voter ID laws
In 2023
This is the next battle…
NEW: Joe Scarborough lashes out at Trump supporters again: Americans who didn\t go to civics class
and California → http://spacex.com/launches
This is the only way
Vox Dei
Was Ursula von der Leyens Election Actually Democratic?
we’re likely to see several major consequences:• Free speech being completely eroded• The loss of any chance to get the D.O.G.E.• An end to the crypto bull market• A significant economic decline• An increased risk of World War III… And more
Justice prevails. Meanwhile
STEM education.Science and engineering is about building cool shit
“Government-funded non-governmental organizations” is obviously a contradiction in terms They are just an illegal arm of the government.
The best way to counter the legacy medias propaganda is by sending people links to videos and information on the 𝕏 platform.Elon Musk
End tribalism in entertainment!
California is the most corrupt voting system in the US. When I voted in Glendale CA today
8 years ago
play music & games
Olaf ist ein Narr
my wife
Mollie Hemingway delivers an absolutely masterful defense of Matt Gaetz as AG. For eight years
and that’s what leadership is. Leadership is having a vision
Elon Musk: “The reason I did the Twitter acquisition was: if I dont do this
Good idea
The most under-reported story in Washington is how much corrupt Ukrainian cash is trying to buy influence. It wasn’t just Hunter Biden. Most of the warmongers are PAID.
It was inarguably the worst four years in our career in terms of White House policy as it related to technology and and business more broadly... They did things that no White House has done. They went far outside the law.@bhorowitz and @pmarca unload on the Biden admin in
Try out the @xAI API!
It will be done much faster
you build a truth-seeking machine
NEW: CNN’s Van Jones calls for social media “regulation” and a halt to “unlimited amounts of money in politics.Interesting timing. Just happens to coincide with @elonmusk platforming free speech on 𝕏
Alarming
Elon Musk: Unless its a massive risk to the country
The American people deserve Free Speech on the internet
Your tax dollars could be spent better
When a politician says they want to stop “misinformation”
were going to have a base on the moon
Europe is dying 
if you have to censor opposing viewpoints to maintain control (like reddit does)
It’s the most reliable internet in the world
Elon Musk said:“If a government official is effective in spending your money
Can I ask why the Senate thinks that they are immune from the will of the people?Oh
quindi stanno oltrepassando la loro competenza in violazione della
This seems messed up
They will never understand why they lost.
politicians want votes
Elon Musk:\xa0I dont want to escape to Mars
Kamala Harris had:• 3× the money• 80% of the legacy media• 99% of Hollywood• 100% of federal institutionsSo please
Great speech by @MegynKelly!
The orchestrated advertiser boycott against X and popular podcasts must end immediately. Conspiracy in restraint of trade is a prosecutable crime.
smiles and shakes his hand
this is the math for whats being
It morning in America again!
Joe Rogan’s endorsement might be more consequential
Trump won the election
the negative comments are very
Elon Musk Forced Me To Use X
instead of just flocking to Silicon Valley & Wall Street. This will be a good thing.
Governing Mars will be up to the Martians
Indeed
If you know someone who can’t let go of the fact that Trump is a felon
The Rebel FlagWhen youre on X
Community Notes 
Zuckerberg
Major driver of healthcare cost
When Elon & Vivek of DOGE arrive in DC
The world is suffering slow strangulation by overregulation. Every year
Elon Musk: Somethings wrong with the press. Citizen journalism is the future.“The far-left press has been going on and on about how Trump is like Hitler
I think
600+ men and women at SpaceXHappy Veterans Day!
Test drive a Tesla and see for yourself! x.com/ajtourville/st…
TOM HOMAN: The cartels are like a Fortune 500 company. The Sinaloa cartel is in over 40 countries around the globe. They\re in every major city in the United States. President Trump says he will designate them a terrorist organization. The criminal cartels in Mexico have
America is the best place on Earth 
Great rebuttal
Texas
xAI team launching new features
BREAKING: Elon Musk has surpassed 205 million followers. He is the most followed account on 𝕏.
Just in time for the election
Citizen journalism is the only way to break out of the legacy media propaganda machine. Send http://X.com link to your friends!
It is NOT ok for the government to barge into your home and kill your pets!What has become of the Land of the Free?
like 𝕏 and podcasts
Send http://X.com links to your friends so that they know what’s really going on
Pennsylvania Democrats openly admit to counting illegal ballots in McCormick-Casey race https://trib.al/Gc7Yik0
Making a rapidly reusable future a reality
Free speech is how you spot the errors
Government Efficiency FTW!!
NBCs Saturday Night Live last night did a skit *literally* aimed at boosting the name recognition of Sen @timkaine. Why? Perhaps because Kaines challenger @HungCao_VA just closed the gap & could win. Its election interference.
Thanks Steve!
so we need change
How to share posts with those who aren’t on this platform yet:
Sweden “Im sitting in the country and have just installed my Starlink. From 2 Mbps to this speed (314 Mbps) – What a difference!” (via W. Berntsson)
Who’s in favor of rolling back cookie banners? No one is winning here. x.com/dan_jeffries1/…
𝕏 is the voice of the world. 𝕏 is indispensable
during its launch phase. Here are the combined observations and analysis:Rocket Design: The Falcon 9 has a sleek
which is illegal. That has been their goal all along. They are just flat-out openly doing crime now.
Elon Musk posted:“Give people back their FREEDOM”
I will be supporting Rick Scott for Majority Leader
ELON MUSK: “I view this election as a fork in the road of destiny. The reason I have been politically active this election is because if we dont elect Trump we will lose Democracy in this country and the two party system”
giving my colleagues a chance to hear from each of the three candidates running to replace McConnell. After hearing from each candidate
space
whereas @howardlutnick will actually enact change. Business-as-usual is driving America bankrupt
are detained
The radical left is at it again. Same playbook:1. They accuse anyone who says illegal votes are being counted of being a far right wing conspiracy theorist. 2. It turns out to be happening …3. They AGREE it’s happening
It’s crazy
and restructure Federal Agencies.
If you’re still really not sure. Maybe this will help. RT & share for all to see!!!
Thune
Some deep truths here 
I posted this on Instagram and expected an avalanche of hate. Instead
Top News Apps | Grossing | AppStore | Election Day 
About time. We need a snap election here in Germany ASAP. We can NOT afford to wait another year! The majority of people want this. #AmpelAus x.com/PeterSweden7/s…
repost
That would be much appreciated
100% agree. I will do whatever it takes to get your nominations through as quickly as possible. x.com/realdonaldtrum…
Elon Musk wrote: “If free speech is lost even in America
here on 𝕏. 𝕏 in the most trusted news app
you can connect to the world in minutes 
because he
becoming involved in politics and Democrats convincingly losing a
political party
take away government contracts from my companies
outspoken woman who will reveal their secrets. Also
 NEW: Vivek Ramaswamy - who is co-leading the Dept. of Govt. Efficiency - just perfectly laid out how Trump can use swift
Elon Musk: Humanity is lifes steward.“We want an exciting
and geopolitics better than anyone I’ve ever interacted with. Markets have already anticipated a Bessent choice. Lutnick is not Trump’s answer.
Good move
Make Orwell Fiction Again!
being a multiplanet species would increase the probable lifespan of civilization and life as we know it.Humans dont live forever
marking the second leg of a doubleheader after launching 20 satellites from California hours earlier.The Falcon 9 rocket’s booster
WOW: Sam Altman disingenuously cuts off the bottom portion of the answer where Grok lays out the arguments for BOTH candidates and explicitly does NOT choose to give a response.Run the test yourself if you wish to see. Sam Altman lies.  x.com/sama/status/18…
and cities desperately need this so that people  are
it will take two years or more to confirm the new administration! This would make it impossible to enact the change demanded by the American people
Howard Lutnick is the one who took Rumble public.He stood for free speech when no others did (this takes courage) and he has been instrumental in Rumble’s success.I’m with @elonmusk on this one. Howard is the type of person America needs. x.com/elonmusk/statu…
it just means you and your viewpoints are weak and cannot hold up to scrutiny
When Democrats tell you they’ll mess with the First Amendment if they win …Believe them
This Election Day
Starship’s fifth flight test was a seminal moment in iterating towards a fully and rapidly reusable launch system. Next up: the sixth flight test of Starship is targeted to launch as early as Monday
Senator Rick Scott and I spoke earlier today about how to best ensure conservatives have a stronger voice in the procedural process. After these conversations and hearing from all the candidates tonight
Met an older woman this morning that thought Trump called Puerto Rico garbage and didn’t know Biden called half the country garbage.Showed her evidence of both.But Trumps rally at MAG was full of Nazis
you cry that you’re being bullied.
The new Congress begins on January 3rd
This platform is the top source of news on Earth!
70% Dem. A month ago
make lots of enemies & compensation is zero. What a great deal! 
They are openly trying to count illegal ballots in Pennsylvania! Unreal …
this is crazy
𝕏 bringing back the gun emoji was awesome  
Troubling
with natural gas and coal both reduced to shares of 8.6% and 8.3% respectively.
November 18th.Godspeed! 
tells him how helpful hell be as Hitler takes over.Democrats believe none of what they claim. x.com/mtracey/status…
𝕏 is such a wild place
Vote For PNut!For Liberty!For Freedom!
Lightning quick Internet from Starlink
I am excited to work with my friend @mattgaetz. There are few people I trust more to take on the deep state and end the weaponization of the justice department. Matt Gaetz has been a stalwart defender of liberty
And
 BREAKING: SpaceXs ‘Marslink’—High-Speed Internet from Mars to Earth!In a move that feels straight out of sci-fi
D.O.G.E.
NEWS: @Starlink installed just outside Lumsden
boy
A weak faker vs the real deal
and speech are excluded.
Democrats Call For Abolishing Popular Vote https://buff.ly/48A3AsJ
The date is November 9th.69% of Votes have been counted in California.Election Day was on November 5thHow is this acceptable in the United States of America in 2024?
weve had a Department of Injustice
Top Chart: Regulatory Agency BudgetBottom Chart: Regulatory Agency Staffing
Of course
supplies
it turns out theres a small town in japan called nagi
set
As it turns out
or form; you’re basically morally invulnerable’ — then obviously
Silicon Valley
Yeah
Justice for Peanut.
we want your vote. You deserve to feel safe. Trump will be America’s protector. To our
The democrats won the election
600 per kilogram during the Space Shuttle era to an estimated $200 with
We  just dodged a bullet. x.com/hagaetc/status…
tell me about fascism. They’re talking about finance.”
there have been many months where more aliens have entered the USA than were American Babies born.And its neck-and-neck across their entire administration to date.Unprecedented.
Senate AND House
After our long day of work & planning at Mar-a-Lago yesterday
NEWS: SpaceXs @Starlink Direct to Cell (DTC) system connected more than 27
or competition (militaries have to win).Popularity-seekers take feedback from people (actors want fans
I mean
they will legalize enough illegals to turn the swing states and everywhere will be like California.There will be no escape. This is it. This is
Absolutely! Would be interesting to hear recommendations for roles in the new administration for consideration by the President.
This is just a very basic first step. Earth and Mars will ultimately need >petabit/sec connectivity.
We now have a dream team leading the country
CEO
Tunnels will be important on Mars
Young women are out-earning young men in several U.S. cities
X-ED OUT: Elon Musk mom calls out the malicious and dishonest Democratic Party and explains why she has no regrets about ditching the party after years of loyal support. https://trib.al/n0L6r5Q
PENNSYLVANIA RECOUNT: COUNT DISQUALIFIED BALLOTS
Global Fertility Rate:- 1950: 4.9 children per woman- 2023: 2.3 children per woman
While others partied
America’s universities are effective at spreading Marxism
Progress
Vote for @realDonaldTrump or the Dems will legalize so many illegals in swing states that this will be the last real election in America. @JoeRogan agrees.
ELON AND VIVEKS FIRST TARGET: $6.75T OF GOVERNMENT WASTEA deep dive into federal spending reveals some truly jaw-dropping examples of waste that Trumps new DOGE team will tackle:THE NUMBERS ARE STAGGERING:$1.3B sent to dead people$171M in benefits to prisoners
so many things to be concerned about. There are many troubles in the world
and then 200Mbps connectivity in the middle of nowhere with up to 25 concurrent connections.Seriously
do NOT vote for me. Lets get President Trump back in the White House and me to Washington so we can Make America Healthy Again
and there goes democracy.Tomorrow we will VOTE VOTE VOTE and we will WIN WIN WIN! 
No. @elonmusk & PM @GiorgiaMeloni hanno ragione. Il fatto che i giudici del tribunale di Roma ritengano di essere al di sopra del governo e del processo democratico è una follia. Non sono una Corte costituzionale
The federal government self-reported a net $235.8 billion in improper payments for fiscal year 2023.\xa0\xa0Like do people realize how much money that is?That is more in improper payments than the budget of every state in America except California.
Some of this stuff is not merely a waste of money
Comcast
We live on a thin crust of solid rock
i will take executive action.一 Kamala Harris
The Dems will tell whatever lie wins the election
everyone at Rumble did their part in upholding the values of the constitution while it was under relentless attack around the world.I put everything on the line for it.A vote for President Donald J. Trump is a vote for free speech.Let’s go America 
the way things are set up in most laws.\xa0Some laws have sunset provisions.\xa0And the
Elon Musk: The obvious reason for making ID illegal in elections is to enable cheating.“California is super majority Dem
Why do we need a Department of Government Efficiency? In 2020
𝕏 is back to being #1 in Brazil!
I dont know who needs to hear this but we just won a landslide election and the popular vote. If you are too scared to publicly support Trump at this moment its because you are soft. Its not 2016 anymore. Time to grow a pair.
Threat to democracy? Nope
the Department of Justice appears to have shared encrypted information
Susie Wiles is great
BREAKING: Nigel Farage’s GB News is officially getting more views than both Sky News and BBC news! Last night they achieved 130% of the Sky News audience
The only reason to ban voter ID is to make fraud impossible to prove
BREAKING: Hundreds of British citizens
and \deeply illiberal\ woke culture of censorship.Will they listen?The first big error was the Biden administration blindness to the collapse of the immigration system and the chaos at the
X has just started rolling out the updated block function. Here are the changes:•\xa0If your posts are set to public
etc. They also cant follow you
Two months ago
Your tax dollars at “work” 
Here are just 15 examples of government waste. Change is coming…1. Payments to Deceased Individuals: The federal government has disbursed approximately $1.3 billion to individuals who are no longer alive
 says Colony Capital Founder & @realDonaldTrump ally Tom Barrack on his continued involvement in the campaign for this election:
and staying armed is how you keep those rights.
The problem is not that we aren’t taxed enough— it’s that our government lights cash on fireHere is some absurd garbage your US taxes paid for:•$1.5 Million studying the effects of yoga on goats•$1.7 billion maintaining empty buildings•$5 million on a campaign to
officer or member thereof or to the benefit of any private person.”  
REMINDER: There will be two more Virtual Town Halls with Elon Musk tomorrow and on Election DaySign up & More info here: http://Townhall.theamericapac.org
everything will become illegal.
Id have called you crazy. But as an Independent voter in a swing state
I love Gorsuch. RIP PNut .
Merrick Garland is not a good person
Media v/s 𝕏 on Election Day Media: TV viewership dropped 25% across 18 live networks compared to 2020.𝕏: Global all time high platform usage with +15.5% new user sign-ups and +43% sign-ups during vote counting.
~S T A R S H I P ~
weve shipped a v.1 of web search results to Grok.Currently on web/android
Happy Birthday
you will be free to build
he
because it will affect their
please share this with them. It should help.
Watch the Starship flight live on 𝕏!
NEW: After labeling Tulsi Gabbard an “apologist for Putin” — Russiagate Conspirator and Laptop Hoaxer John Brennan warns that she won’t be “apolitical” as DNI.The irony meters are melted. BRENNAN: “The professionals that are in these 18 intelligence agencies want to have
PACs go somewhat dormant after a big election.@America PAC is going to do the opposite and keep grinding
quality & affordability would be an ideal outcome
It’s crazy to look back and realize:1. Trump was banned from Twitter for two years.2. Trump was banned from YouTube for two years.3. Trump was banned from Instagram and Facebook for two years.4. The government pressured Facebook to censor dissenting voices as
NEWS: The @Space_Station crew is getting ready for a port relocation maneuver this Sunday.@SpaceX Dragon Freedom will undock
It is time to completely rethink immigration policies globally. Living in the West is an incredible privilege. We should treat it as one. Open borders will kill Western civilization. Careful vetting of immigrants
Strangulation by Regulation
Happy 5th Gigaversary
TIKTOK RIOT LIVESTREAMER JAILED - UK GOES FULLY DYSTOPIANCare worker Cameron Bell was jailed for 9 months after she livestreamed a group of masked and hooded men making racist comments on TikTok after a riot in Staffordshire.Despite the fact she was not present during
but it pales by comparison with President @realDonaldTrump
relatively few people have confidence in newspapers. Even amongst Democrats
corporate wants you to find the difference between these two pictures:
free lodging
Joshua of Arizona!
A son of Indian immigrants
Jensen
tax cuts
My gut feel -- Trump wins. By a pretty clear margin.Heres why:1. The biggest issue that people face is inflation. The average working family is having a hard time making ends meet. They blame Biden / Harris.2. The idea that Trump is Hitler is not resonating. In 2020
America showed that elections aren’t just a function of money and gave Trump a resounding victory!
2018
Perfectly articulated
Elon Musk
including recess appointments. We cannot let Schumer and Senate Dems block the will of the American people.
JOE ROGAN AND DAVE SMITH ON TRUMP IS HITLER PROPAGANDA:SMITH: If every word that comes out of your mouth is a lie
we want support for the Constitution
Starlink internet brings reliable high-speed connectivity to you.  320 Mbps      31 Mbps
 KAMALA CAMPAIGN’S $20M CONCERT SPENDING LEAVES CAMPAIGN IN DEBTKamala’s campaign spent up to $20 million on swing-state concerts with Jon Bon Jovi
I’ll be voting for Rick Scott for GOP Leader
Immediate API roadmap:- API playground- Better docs- Auto-upgrade of rate limits- More serving capacity- Vision model (later this week)- Tokenizer API- SDKsPlanned but release date tbd: prompt caching
Just a reminder:Grok can now explain memes too.
The administrative branch of government needs to be Twittered
Peter ThielI didnt want to believe Elon when he said this
economy
Our censorship investigation isn’t going anywhere. All gas. No brakes.
Just in: 𝕏 is now No. 1 on UAE’s  App Store in the news category.
even mentioning his concern over the media taking a sound bite of something
Birthrates in Sweden is now at the lowest levels since records began on 1749.Birthrates in Britain is now at the lowest levels since records began in 1938.This is a disaster.Why are the fertility rates collapsing so much?
and a Canadian from South Africa
We need a new government department dedicated to renaming companies to reflect what they actually do.OpenAI → Closed AIWikipedia → DickipediaNew York Times → New Woke Times CNN → DNNYouTube → ScamTubeInstagram → OnlyFans LiteFacebook → Fakebook
In 2016
BREAKING: 𝕏 CEO Linda Yaccarino just confirmed that platform usage has reached an another all-time high today.
Elon Musk wore glasses at the UFC event today. 
Britain is turning into a woke stasi police state.Journalists are being interrogated because someone felt offended over social media posts on X.
as they were unable to account for 60% of their $4.1 trillion in assets. $824 billion annual budget.
just let us know!We will also have a leaderboard for most insanely dumb
Prufrock-3 undergoing final checks on “The Monster.”  Once complete
Citizen journalism as a continuation of the EnlightenmentCentral to Elon Musks strong commitment to citizen journalism is the idea that each individual has the power to think for themselves and contribute to the public conversation. Collecting and confronting all points of
A Last-Ditch Warning from a Canadian to all Americans.
Admin growth has far exceeded physician growth.
In addition to the high taxes and the out-of-control inflation
America’s 250th anniversary is on July 4
deep blue socialist state.
Elon Musk: Do we want to be in many worlds
but Megyn Kelly just delivered the most persuasive case for Trump that I’ve ever seen. Watch the whole thing.
Department of Government Efficiency
So proud of @elonmusk Being appreciated for his contribution to the USA. His goal is to prevent American bankruptcy. Vote! By the way
Working overtime to ensure your tax dollars will be spent wisely!
The kids are alright.
Game
Imagine never having to go to the gas station ever again
Any activist judge being pushed through by Pocahontas is bad for the country
Hillary Clinton
Elon
NEWS: Rooftop solar delivers milestone of 80.5% share of electricity generation in Western Australia Yesterday at 1:30 PM
that he can figure out how to get people to vote.IVapid legacy media talking heads can’t go 5 minutes without attacking Elon; and they’re all
The “approve cookie” banner is super annoying. It should be removed.
@elonmusk! https://foxnews.com/politics/rand-pauls-festivus-report-airs-482-billion-federal-waste-grievances…
“Nah
Fetterman has a good sense of humor 
NY be like
who has cumulatively put a hundred times more money into elections than I have If I can figure out science with SpaceX and  surgery with Neuralink
So true!
just remember at some point it will turn on you.”— Elon Musk
In honor of Elon and Vivek being picked as the heads of Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE)
“If I have to give up modeling for America
What today’s election feels like!Team America 
Is Trump a fascist? @cenkuygur and @KonstantinKisin disagree. The full interview is out November 20th. Subscribe + follow not to avoid missing out.
Sure will 
the Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden
Congratulations Tesla Powerwall team!These will make a big difference around the world. With a Powerwall
HUGE NEWSThe German Socialist government has COLLAPSED and there are now talks about a snap election.
It is the only way to understand the universe
Laken Riley’s murderer was given a free airline ticket to the city of his choice
but difficult to lose weight. It’s easy to rack up debt
match” well before the race had been called by the major outlets. But he’d have to confirm that hypothesis.
The swamp will fight hard to avoid being drained
Elizabeth Warren is trying to jam in 40 judges before Biden’s term is over.It is imperative that Senate Republicans hold the line and not confirm a single one of these judicial nominees.  Not one single one.
since they way outspend Republicans. And they have almost all of legacy media and social media on their side!
I also voted for my daughter’s rights.I voted for her right to free speech.I voted for her right to practice her religion.I voted for her right to peacefully assemble and protest a tyrannical government
Vote and bring your friends with you.Shock the world and turn blue states red.
The political party closest to the views of the “moderates” will win. That party is currently the Republicans.
I need to add
typical for reducing
they love Trump. It’s just America that may have a problem. Although there seems to be many closet Republicans in fashion. Time will tell…
A journalist at @Telegraph is under investigation by British police for an alleged “hate crime”.The “hate crime” is a year-old social media post.She hasn’t been allowed to know what the post is.She hasn’t been allowed to know who her accuser—her“victim”—is.Insane.
while
However bad you think things are in the UK
ELON MUSK: “If Trump doesn’t win
as of this fiscal year.
Gaetz Derangement Syndrome. That’s how you know he’s an existential threat to the blob.
highlighting significant inefficiencies in payment systems.2.
we want secure borders
Sweden did not lock down and had the best outcomes in Europe.Doctors perpetuated a mass disinformation campaign to propagandize lockdowns to the American people.They say we should worry about RFK Jr.Doctors have done more harm to America than RFK Jr. can ever do.
BREAKING: The Pentagon has just failed its 7th audit and says it cannot account for what its $824B budget is spent on.
then he complains that others are struggling to get rid of the woke nonsense! Filtering out biased ChatGPT responses from our training data has been a struggle. We have confirmed that this is the primary reason for why Grok still x.com/sama/status/18…
Perhaps why @elonmusk messaged on X “game
𝕏 is the media now 
The censorship and advertising boycott cartel must end now!
Seriously  @TheBabylonBee
make DC and PR states and America will be California. There should be nothing that stops you from voting
a free online university for all. Purely academic. Now please make a med school. I’ll help!
ft Taylor Swift 
Accurate analysis
against PA Supreme Court ruling
NEW: MSNBC’S Claire McCaskill pathetically attempts to insult @elonmusk: He thinks because he can do rockets and electric cars
real question: does anyone actually use Grok?
Occupy Mars!
it’s almost every “elite institution”
for finite periods of time
Those are their stated goals!Unless @realDonaldTrump wins
There are thousands of examples of taxpayer dollars being wasted. These just a few:
Definitely not!
you should be absolutely thrilled that Elon and @VivekGRamaswamy are joining forces to stop wasteful government spending
for the last 8 years any company that ran like that would failany person that lived like that would be beyond bankrupt there is no good argument to continue this
and New Zealand. Please contact us if you are a telco and want to bring Direct to Cell to your customers in your country.
Just want to say that we super appreciate major brands resuming advertising on our platform!Thanks @lindayaX and the whole 𝕏 team for your hard work in restoring confidence in our platform and ensuring that advertising content only appears where advertisers want it shown.
Suddenly Ideas Are Back in this Campaign
Anyone else seeing the momentum shift?𝕏 is the signal the rest is noise.
Wow
we want less government overreach
Let’s support Elon Musk and 𝕏 by subscribing to 𝕏 premium. Support free speech
are reporting that they’ve been visited by the police this weekend regarding X posts.Make Orwell fiction again. 
but they’re afraid to say so publicly
The UK has become a police state
Worth listening to this @JoeRogan episode before end of voting tomorrow
unwavering dedication
there are over 70
misinformation
They still don’t
Send people links to the actual source data on http://X.com!All it takes is for people to hear @realDonaldTrump’s actual speeches or to see a compilation of Jewish speakers at the MSG rally to start realizing how much they were lied to by legacy media.
“This will send shockwaves through the system
The true battle is:Extinctionists who want a holocaust for all of humanity. — Versus —Expansionists who want to reach the stars and understand the Universe. — Elon Musk
everything is zero-sum
FTC
The senate majority leader election is this Wednesday. It is a close second in importance to the presidential election. I keep hearing from many that we need another “strong leader” like Mitch McConnell. Just a reminder that this is what his leadership got us.
Exactly. It is easy for Cheney to send others to die while having fancy dinners in DC
but
Libs love warWar facilitates bigger government x.com/thecalvincooli…
the story gets worse. A 
CCDH should be prosecuted for interference in US elections by a foreign entity
If the election outcome is as I expected
or rather silenced
There’s a shift in the Bay
Sickest Country On Earth Concerned New Health Secretary Might Do Something Different
but compared to the potential it holds of where it can be in the future… this simply pales in comparison. Excited to be on the ride of this journey!@neuralink @ModdedQuad
ELON MUSK: “More Government is just the DMV at scale”
Great!
 it’s entirely counterproductive. Any moderate or conservative who goes along with this
There are so many regulators that it’s like a sports game with more refs than players on the field!
Elon Musk:\xa0The cumulative voice of the people should decide whats newsworthy.“In times past
executive power to demolish the bureaucratic stateFirst is - we want to go right in through executive action to do the failures of the executive branch
BECAUSE WHY NOT?Pennsylvania’s Senate recount is hitting peak absurdity. McCormick’s up 26
Falcon 9 delivers 20 @Starlink satellites to orbit from California
Disney
The excess government spending is what causes inflation! ALL government spending is taxation. This is a very important concept to appreciate. It is either direct taxation
This is unacceptable. Do the people of Italy live in a democracy or does an unelected autocracy make the decisions?
Modern Democrats would call 1995 Bill Clinton a “right wing extremist” for having common sense positions on illegal immigration.The Republican Party has become the party of common sense.
Arizona received $1M for signing our petition to support the Constitution.Every day until Election Day
who will co-lead the Department of Government Efficiency with Elon Musk
Imagine looking up to the largest and most powerful rocket ever. Human scale vs Starship
True!
and other media outlets
demanding $10 billion in damages
Send http://X.com links to friends so they know what’s really going on!
to making government more efficient from entrenched interests that
health
Great video of Starship Super Heavy Booster landing as seen from Mexico! 
𝕏 was the most important platform for this election. 𝕏 is what  believes in.
The new Senate Majority Leader must respond to the will of the people
Raise your hand if this is you on Election Day
NEWS: @SpaceX partner One New Zealand on the game-changing Starlink Direct to Cell (DTC) connectivity “Weve all been stuck in the middle of nowhere with no phone signal at some point
Elon Musk responded to a man who expressed anger at Trump over January 6th. Elon was thoughtful with his response
What he said 
NEWS: @Tesla has officially entered the Philippine market with the grand opening of its first store in Uptown Bonifacio Special Assistant to the President for Investment and Economic Affairs Frederick Go and Secretary of Trade and Industry Cristina Roque were in attendance.
Congratulations @RealTomHoman on being given responsibility for enforcing our borders!
Only 4 more launches to complete the MVP @Starlink Direct to Cell constellation. Testing is ongoing in the US
20 more Starlinks in orbit
Does seem to create a conflict of interest
A Pennsylvania voter wearing a “Trump 2024” hat asked me to make the case for voting for Trump. To opponents
whose birth rate (~2.7) is over twice the national average (~1.3)what is this town doing to buck the trend?
This was not just a loss
Soon we’ll be launching a change to how the block function works.If your posts are set to public
a place it has not been for 1000s of years.
Elon Musk.                               Lil X.
but it might open it.
Elon Musk gave a tour of SpaceXs former Headquarters located in Hawthorne
Heres a fun target for higher education reform:Reverse the Biden administrations choice to subsidize the least productive degrees while penalizing people for majoring in productive subjects.
democracy is an illusion.
bureaucracy
from Texas
the U.S. government spent $4.5 million to spray alcoholic rats with bobcat urine.
Launching on Tuesday
Free speech.Border security.Safe cities.All coming back soon!
Interesting
no talking to other players
Cool!
lol
the people should get what the people want!
the tax-free limit on international purchases will rise from $1
but these are some ideas
this needs to be greatly simplified @DOGE!
Two New Virtual Town Halls with Elon Musk:• November 4
SO... THE PENTAGON MISPLACED $2.46 TRILLION... For the 7th  year in a row
who leans Democrat
they make jokes
So what? 
shape
But the legacy media says this never happens
they know theyre guilty of having participated in a witch hunt in which they falsely accused their fellow Americans
Prufrock fits nicely in the Starship payload bay
Just recorded a 4 hour long zero intervention drive on Tesla FSD 12.5.6.3 End to end on highways is legit. This is a game changer for road trips. $TSLA
The real loser was not the puppet
The xAI API is incredible.I just created an AI assistant that can fetch news content from URLs and write a post about it on my own writing style.Super simple to set up and you can try free. Here’s how:
you don\t have Democracy. If you don\t have freedom of speech
we want your vote. Let’s Make America Healthy & Great Again. To our women
The people of America have spoken and spoken with absolute clarity
and go out there and visit other star systems eventually and see if there are alien
People keep saying that Donald Trump wants retribution
and now I\m headed to Florida to Mar-a-Lago to be there with President Trump and JD and a bunch of other cool people. The Trump team is fun. They have a great sense of humor
George Gascón lost by 23 points despite Harris winning the county by 30. San Franciscos
Today
Legacy media is dead. Long live citizen journalism!The US presidential campaign was further proof of what Elon Musk has been repeatedly predicting: citizen journalism is overtaking traditional media.While the winning candidate appeared in several independent podcasts for long
just let us know!We will also have a leaderboard for most insanely dumb x.com/defiyantlyfree…
deport me as an illegal
and inefficiency in the federal government.This will make America stronger
because it represents America
and the legacy media to frame Donald Trump as a Russian agent. They lied to a FISA court multiple times to secure wiretaps and surveillance on
ELON MUSK ON DELIBERATE DEMOCRAT MISINFORMATION ELON: The Democrats are doing all the things that they\re accusing Trump of doing. The sheer number of hoaxes that the Democrat party is pushing
we celebrate 249 years of unmatched courage
ELON MUSK: “All government spending is taxation... your money is being wasted
we’re giving more contributors the ability to write notes on images & videos
Is it too much to ask for to have a government that focuses on defending the rights of Americans instead of raiding homes to euthanize their animals?Focus on issues like:-Secure Borders-Sensible Spending-Safe Cities-Fair Justice System-Free Speech-Self-ProtectionVOTE
and Texas has his back. Congratulations
November 19 for Starship’s sixth flight test. A 30-minute launch window opens at 4:00 p.m. CT → http://spacex.com/launches/mission/?missionId=starship-flight-6…
free markets (customers have to buy)
000 votes
It’s a cult.
Be wary of the censors
More Starlinks
FSD Supervised sees more than youAnd never gets tired or distracted
ELON MUSK: “We want the sensible basic things: We want safe cities
and a revolution in government is possible
DAVID SACKS: THE LEGACY MEDIA SPELL IS BROKEN“They Democrats also had a massive advantage on what you would call the legacy media side. I dont know how you put a dollar value on what the legacy media has done
Eric
Elon has absolutely killed the mainstream media !! WE ARE THE MEDIA NOW !! Bye CNN
installed Merrick Garland who protected him and his son for 4 years while relentlessly going after Trump
I get the unbridled enthusiasm of wanting to be part of something of profound historical significance like the @DOGE but I think people dont quite realize that the task at hand will require a monumental amount of tedious super-high quality work. x.com/DOGE/status/18…
Britain is turning into a police state
SpaceX teams targeting four launches from all four launch pads in Texas
Making Government Fun Again!
or a fixed pie.And if you internalize that
To our libertarians
The hammer of justice is coming
We must get this done
and
Freeform discussion about the election
This election is the most important election of our lifetime. This is no ordinary election. The other side wants to take away your freedom. President Trump must win to preserve the Constitution. He must win to preserve Democracy in America.一 Elon Musk
and she simply said
99 Federal agencies is more than enough
Sen. Rick Scott now has a total of SEVEN public endorsements:Sen. Mike LeeSen. Ron JohnsonSen. Marsha BlackburnSen. Rand PaulSen. Bill HagertySen. Marco RubioSen. Coach Tommy TubervilleLETS GO!!
Ever wanted to know how @neuralink works and the impact it could have?@ModdedQuad was the first ever patient and its radically changed everything.
We must act quickly and decisively to get the president’s nominees in place as soon as possible
Hear all sides of an issue on this platform
JLo spent 30 mins crying and warning everyone about Donald Trump but she didn’t warn one single person about Diddy. Ok. Got it.
Did you know SpaceX named their drone landing ship:  “Of Course I Still Love You”… you have got to love SpaceX 
because they have moved so far left that they are out of touch with the people. That is why they lost so badly in this election.
we can ultimately make it a win for investors
Prufrock-3 will launch directly into the ground and start digging - zero civil site prep needed!
This is the way
Today Show x.com/BrendanCarrFCC…
Ben HorowitzBill AckmanCameron WinklevossDoug LeoneElon MuskEoghan McCabe Ken HoweryKyle SamaniMarc AndreessenJacob HelbergJoe LonsdalePalmer LuckeyPeter ThielShaun MaguireTrevor TrainaTushar JainTyler WinklevossCome on in
Swindly Sam is at it again …
It begins
and if you couldnt deduce that from my work you havent understood a word of it. Im not an ideologue. I mistrust ideologies. Ive never met an ideologue
if not longer. The legal system in the UK is completely corrupt.
Peter Thiel defines The Machine as an extremely regimented and fast consensus formation process from which ideas
the water’s warm.
HOW SPACEX REVOLUTIONIZED LAUNCH COSTS: FROM $25K TO $200 PER KGSpaceXs innovation has dramatically transformed the economics of space flight. This shows how launch costs have plummeted from $25
BREAKING: ChatGPT is biased. It answered in favor of Kamala Harris but denied the request to answer in favor of Donald Trump.Microsoft is one of the largest corporate donors to the Democratic Party.
ELON:\xa0I COULDNT THINK OF ANYTHING MORE INSPIRING THAN HAVING A BASE ON MARS“I couldnt think of anything more exciting
nobody knew what it meant.
science
The unelected and unconstitutional Federal bureaucracy currently has more power than the presidency
Just voted in Cameron County
The United States should be on this list
nutrition
you know
Marslink aims to
\Oh you need a guy that is completely crazy to expose how corrupt the whole system is...How they all collude together.
and will be good for America.
PayPal & Zelle of over $600.Meanwhile…The Pentagon just failed its SEVENTH audit in a row
If the ICC and its prosecutor do not reverse their outrageous and unlawful actions to pursue arrest warrants against Israeli officials
it’s the American people.From the first day that Donald Trump walked into Washington DC Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell did everything in their power to stop his agenda while
THE MOST  “SEXIST” MEN IN AMERICA? TRUMP AND ELON PROVE CRITICS WRONGWhile mainstream media and the left desperately try to paint both Trump and Elon as misogynistic… these two are some of the few who have actually brought women into top leadership roles in their companies
Study the blade
they will nuke the filibuster
You know how everyone always like America is awesome?It finally feels like it.
Population collapse
Would be interesting to hear more people weigh in on this for @realDonaldTrump to consider feedback.My view fwiw is that Bessent is a business-as-usual choice
The American people deserve a government that prioritizes sensible spending instead of wasting tax dollars with no scrutiny.
FSD Supervised avoids wildlife collision
freeing up Harmony’s forward port for the upcoming SpaceX Dragon CRS-31 cargo mission.
Scientific American editor-in-chief is an embarrassment to science.Get politics out of science
Brian of Wisconsin!
which went viral today but is from Dec 22. You didnt see his video about censorship because he was censored. https://rumble.com/v20teya-trump-12-15-2022.html?e9s=rel_v1_b…
I usually cite the border
Here are some of the most insane statistics about the waste and inefficiency of the US government and why Elon and Viveks new DOGE is such an incredible and crucial development for America:• The CBO revealed at least 1
I’m a gay guy who’s left the Left. A lifelong Democrat—not anymore. Im voting for Donald Trump.I used to think voting Democrat was the compassionate choice. But today’s Democrat Party? It’s become a war-hungry censorship machine
1
so that they know the truth of what’s going on.
Buffett
Falcon 9 lifts off from pad 39A in Florida
Brian of Onalaska
I’m doing a digital town hall on 𝕏 tonight at 8:30 ET
so the only way to learn news was for it to be filtered through a small number of news organizations and then to be printed in newspapers or
Gates
I simply plugged the unit in
Starlink now available in Chad!
the obstacles are overcoming the Kafkaesque nature of the rules governing this vast bureaucracy and ensuring that maniacally dedicated small-government revolutionaries join this administration!
@elonmusk” during the G20 Social panel. This is the “tolerant” left.
Dark MAGA Assemble!
Investor Rob Baron Says He Left the Democratic Party: ‘The Party’s Been Taken Over’“They had an EV Summit at the White House…They had the leading people for electric cars…The person who was praised for leading the way in conversion was Mary Barra…Mary Barra in that quarter
expanding its presence in Southeast Asia with a location in Manilas Uptown Bonifacio 
accounts you have blocked will be able to view them
Exciting times
NEWS: Minister of Communications Boukar Michel announces the upcoming arrival of @Starlink in Chad According to the Minister
Ron left the Democratic Party
Elon getting a bunch of otherwise disengaged young men interested in how the government works is an existential threat to the current system in ways that cannot be quantified.
regardless of her political leanings.I voted for her right to bodily
JOE ROGAN: THE FBI IS OUT OF CONTROLWe didn\t know that you could have a kidnapping case with 14 people
Dems Explain They Dont Want Billionaires Controlling Our Media Unless Theyre Bezos
they’re swimming in it!Vital to send http://X.com links to your friends.
Democrats are now openly counting illegal votes in Pennsylvania.There must be accountability.America deserves secure elections in which voters can have faith that there will be a fair and accurate outcome.
I helped lead the charge for Rick against McConnell & I’m proud to stand with him again.For 12 yrs
and mission of the federal government. And the top obstacle to our success won’t even be the Democrats.
https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1OyKAZdLEMrGb…
President-Elect Donald Trump says his mandate is “to bring common sense back to the country”
The people voted for major government reform
Important details
and Star Wars was the first movie that I ever saw in a theater
such as like
not enforced silence x.com/elonmusk/statu…
Falcon 9 launches Dragon to the @Space_Station
NEWS: @Starlink testimonial from Namibia “I have to say I was blown away
end the forever wars
obviously
While others were relaxing on yachts
They can earn double income
Joe Rogan laughs hysterically when he realizes the Pentagon has never passed an audit:How many times have they missed their audit? WAIT
@JMilei is cutting import taxes to give consumers access to more affordable goods.Starting in December
Elon loves Diet Coke
MSNBC and The View all calling for online censorship as they lose control.Watch til the end.cc: @elonmusk
reforming government is important enough that the A team allocates time to government. This is that time.
Lara Trump is genuinely great
wonder no more...
which is a strange spawn point
Weve uploaded all of the Joe Rogan x Elon Musk clips. Fantastic interview. Fun and real. Elons biggest takeaway is that MEN need to vote. If Kamala wins
Turns out all the misinformation experts were mainly misinforming themselves.
we should teach fear of childlessness
and workouts. Mental health tips too. We’ve done well with politics
 DAVID SACKS: TRUMP WAS CONFIDENT ON ELECTION NIGHT“I think he Trump was confident
and a focus on technologically enabled innovation are likely to turbocharge the US economy more powerfully than during the Reagan Revolution. x.com/ARKInvest/stat…
one of the greatest biologists of the last century.Totally unforgivable.
they should reconsider where they get their information. This trend was obvious on 𝕏 for months
and the Mandate of Heaven. Maximize this moment!
outcomes
The woke mind virus is one of the biggest losers of 2024
That’s not easy 
000 government jobs to get all the squirrels.
who saw through the relentless propaganda and voted for change.
Donald Trump winning was the most entertaining outcome.
News should come from the people. From those actually on the scene and those who actually are subject-matter experts!
she would have made voter ID illegal across all states
Guess not 
So I followed the election on X and I listened to  @dbongino and War Room and @scrowder live streams. My husband was watching it on Fox. I legit knew everything 1.5 hours before him. The legacy media is dead. Alternative media and X is the future.
Elon Musk on D.O.G.E: Well drain many swamps and be very transparent about it.“Were going to be very open and transparent and be very clear about this is what were doing with the Department of Government Efficiency
up-to-date news. Tell a friend or family member who is not on here yet.
over 27
Elon Musk said:“It really should not be possible to build a giant rocket faster than paper can move from one desk to another.”
“OpenAI is not organized for the private gain of any person – No part of the net income or assets of this corporation shall ever inure to the benefit of any director
Tesla absolutely nailed the design of the Tesla Robotaxi
Simulation vs Reality
BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS: Incoming Border Czar Tom Homan calls on pro-sanctuary city Democrats to listen to the 911 call 22-year-old Laken Riley made before prosecutors say she was killed by an illegal immigrant
Louis Brandeis: “the remedy to harmful speech is more speech
The people of America gave @realDonaldTrump a crystal clear mandate for change tonight
Over the last 2 years
Peter Thiel: I didnt want to believe Elon but then it was the sense in which I felt he was correct: if Trump could not win in 2024 against The Machine
or need dependable internet for your farm or business
NEWS: @Starlink temporarily halts new sign-ups in several African urban centers because of soaring demand for the service.The company says too many users are trying to access the\xa0Starlink service in those regions which are currently at network capacity.
Rick Scott for Senate Majority Leader!
correct others when wrong and we will have at least one place in the world where you can come
people can not make an informed vote. If they\re just being fed propaganda
It’s becoming more clear why Democrats think normal people are far right.
we
 @DOGE
BREAKING: 𝕏 is now the #1 news app on the AppStore in Canada.
314
thats exactly what I just did. Heres why: Over the last few months
yet has done ALL the completed missions!
The cavalry has arrived.Men are voting in record numbers. They now realize everything is at stake.
Why are we spending money doing HIV research on transgender monkeys?Lol
having climbed up from number 4. Lets rally and boost it to number 1 by the end of the weekend! Come on
but Casey’s team is like
especially of actual source material
Accurate
distortion
Elon talks about moral invulnerability cards on Joe Rogan: If you provide a moral get-out-of-jail-free card — if you say
Please submit questions for an upcoming podcast by @bhorowitz and me on the Post-Election Landscape for tech
14 years ago this month
the type of government reform that has the most support is Dismantling which was defined as: Very major reform toward smaller government and cuts.Rebuilding was the second most popular which is defined as:Very major reform with no change in mission
Starship Flight 6 is set to launch as early as Monday
True. Send them http://X.com to debunk the hoaxes pushed by the legacy media.
BREAKING: President Trump has tapped Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy to lead the DOGE — Department of Government Efficiency.Their mission will be to dismantle government bureaucracy
almost 40% of California voted for @realDonaldTrump.
000 Ships a year
Starship is now more than twice as powerful as the Saturn V Moon rocket and
has been
I would love a movement to remove politics from some of the institutions that we grew up with. WIRED is chief among them ( that they have a politics section or a view on the elections is a sign of many a problem). Also: Scientific American. MIT Tech Review. Nature. x.com/nxthompson/sta…
Elon Musk on making processes efficient:“Whatever requirement
”says Ukraine’s President Zelenskyy in Ukraine Radio interview.
Javier Milei: Elon Musks work on 𝕏 has saved humanity.“There is a silent majority
America!! 
and there no freedom of speech
increasing Republican registrations in key districts around the country
Vote to preserve democracy!
Watch Falcon 9 launch 20 @Starlink satellites to orbit from California
If you value free speech
and these are important
JOE ROGAN: I’VE GROWN TO LIKE TRUMP@joerogan : As time went on I was like
Thanks!
it’s America.
Vox Populi
Its really happening. Its all happening.
I was on 𝕏 the night of the election and I knew Trump won 4 hours before mainstream media called it.
Unfortunately this is how actions are often evaluated.
January 6th was Nowhere Near a Violent InsurrectionAbout an hour into the Town Hall
who finds this result shocking
2017
Never forget.
Never had so many friends jumping onto 𝕏.
or forever confined to Earth?“There are so many things to worry about
Whoa
and Donald Trump. The real world on the ground is a different adventure of sorts -- especially for people who live in a swing
Whats notable about the Trump victory is that it happened despite biased Legacy Media coverage.New Media
About 90% ($1.2B/year) of Federal contracts awarded to NGOs are noncompetitive awards.21% ($33.1B/year) of Federal contracts are noncompetitive
the popular vote
Not good
Play The Long Game President TrumpBy
This is the first time he has voted in his 44 years. He cast his first vote ever for Donald J. Trump.
Tesla
what do you think they
Many people think SpaceX receives subsidies from the American government.The reality:- SpaceX has never received federal subsidies- SpaceX won all its contracts with NASA because they offer a better service at a lower price.
We need federal legislation Requiring an ID To vote in federal elections x.com/libsoftiktok/s…
The unelected bureaucracy of this government answers to the civilian and duly elected leadership.@ScottJenningsKY excoriates Pentagon officials over reports of secret meetings about how to “thwart or countermand the Commander-In-Chief.The plotting against Trump has
fraud
Let those sinks in. 
The grip Legacy Media has had on the minds of the American public is undeniable.They have poisoned our brains. History will not look kindly upon them.
AND PROOF OF CITIZENSHIP
as I did two years ago. In 2022
Steve Jobs on the most important job of a CEO“The greatest people are self-managing. They don’t need to be managed. Once they know what to do
but now that’s actually GOOD!!4. They use lawfare
The counter to misinformation is not censorship
Elon Musk
Hope is back in America. These two men will single-handedly save western civilization and that starts with a strong United States of America. I am here and at your service and forever indebted to your sacrifice for this country. Let’s Make America Great Again!
237
250 Harris: 73
Warner Bros
Yes we’re having an America Fair.   x.com/laydbug94/stat…
but those who waste taxpayer funds cannot be allowed to keep doing so without consequences.
including journalists
space future be real.And have exciting
They did and they will get it
has a
it’s totally insane. The only reason to ban ID is to make voting fraud untraceable. Obviously.
the only right answer is a massive downsizing. x.com/realdonaldtrum…
#1 News App in Canada!
happiness.

Fidias has a good point
X is not an echo chamber
14 years ago
This morning
Trump may have lost the election. You’re paying (I pay) to keep free speech a reality. It’s an investment in the country and the future. X deserves to be profitable for the service it provides. (And it’s cheap!).
Time to fix the country through DOGE 
and hes somehow worse than all three of them combined.
and that x.com/BillAckman/sta…
Its not Trump vs Harris.Its Trump vs Machine.
Another batch of Starlinks in orbit
Harris is running pro Palestine ads in MichiganWhile simultaneously running pro Israel ads in Pennsylvania?How can we tell what she actually believes?Kudos to @CNN for the honest reporting
we should have at least a dozen bills to shrink government overreach on his desk awaiting his signature by the first day of his term!
It will be destroyed root and stem
including medical imaging and get its (non-doctor) opinion. Grok accurately diagnosed a friend of mine from his scans.
Elon Musk was invited initially to the EV Summit and then disinvited because the UAW said I dont want Musk in the White House.@RonBaronAnalyst
including 13 with Direct to Cell capabilities https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1OyKAZdLEMrGb…
Upcoming @SpaceX launches:•  Nov 13 – F9 Starlink 9-11•  Nov 14 – F9 Starlink 6-68•  Nov 16 – F9 Starlink 6-66•  Nov 17 – F9 Optus-X•  Nov 18 – Starship Flight 6  T minus 6 days!•  Nov 19 – F9 GSAT-20 (GSAT-N2)
Why are you so angry over my pick for President? Don’t become what you accuse the others of being. This goes to show how much people truly worship politicians. Do we even trust God anymore?#DonaldTrump #Trump #KamalaHarris #Kamala #Project2025 #Agenda47
pilots and infantrymen.
VOTE TRUMP. No matter what state you live in
but very difficult to get it back.
Elon Musk: “I believe we want to maximize personal liberty. I think we want to be kind to people. We want to have empathy but its very important to have personal freedom and a merit-based society.The Left wants to oppress your freedoms
Elon Musk: “Theyre allowing violent criminals to go free
ELON MUSK: I just voted in South Texas
Make Babies Great Again! Elon Musk at the Town Hall in Lancaster.Enjoy this post with my thoughts on this at the end...Elon: We should really view the birth rate as an extreme fundamental crisis. It is really shocking how low it is. The birth rate in America has been below
Does the editor in chief of Scientific American seem like someone who is entirely dedicated to uncompromising scientific integrity?Or does she seem like a political activist who has taken over a scientific institution?
True :)
000 phones located in hurricane-ravaged parts of the US.“The positive impact to affected communities was immediate. In just one day
Hearing reports from all over the country that men are showing up in huge numbers. The line at my polling station here in Florida is almost all young men.Vote and let’s make history 
you are the mediathe voice of the people
Heres what Elon Musk recommended to govern Mars:“Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short
Daniel Penny isn’t just innocent
Why are there so many pharma ads on TV?HINT: It’s not to sell drugs.A TV news president admitted to RFK Jr. that any host allowing him to speak negatively about Big Pharma on air would be FIRED because “this is where our advertisers are.”Jaws dropped when former pharma
swing states may be lost forever
S      T      A      R      S      H      I      P                                                                                        .                     .                .             .             .        .      .     .       .   .
Starship —> Mars                                                                                           .                     .                .             .             .        .      .     .       .   .
slash excess regulations
(Republican) Senator Thune is the top choice of Democrats 
The future is gonna be so  
We’re starting to launch the block function update
but it will work out in the end
Arizona just declared for @realDonaldTrump
& and abuse. Americans voted for drastic government reform & they deserve to be part of fixing it.
with Sen. Baldwin receiving nearly 90% of those ballots. Statistically this outcome seems impropable.”
Back in January
Fix immigration and voting
Also
whether in America or other countries
Incoming Border Czar Tom Homan says that under the Biden-Harris Administration
As the prophecy foretold! 
young
the same everything. Then they try to say this is a conspiracy theory. The whole world watches this. Even third world countries say they
or more. This is
Here’s what the U.S. Government wasted $900 Billion of your tax dollars on in 2023.The Department of Government Efficiency (@DOGE) will fix this.America deserves leaders that prioritize sensible spending.
you can\t tell me that I\m not allowed to suspect anything. If what Rachel Maddow says is real
scrolling 𝕏 and cracking up at memes 
Elon Musk:“The great thing with Trump is that we have a real individual who is not beholden to anyone
gender or anything else other than merit. Its illegal. Its not
Two more town halls! Anyone can join.
it is an entirely different operation with no liability to speak of and there may be really significant problems with these vaccines. At
If Vinod really believes AI is as dangerous as a nuclear weapon
The number of times that the Dems have deliberately pushed this hoax – a calculated lie – is unconscionable!
the Olympics
and Lionsgate Entertainment have reportedly resumed ad campaigns on 𝕏 after an almost year-long boycott.The return is attributed to @lindayaX  leadership
Heres another one for @DOGE
Elon Musk was in Pennsylvania
From tomorrow
and anyone involved in Government waste
Last election
Worth showing this again. You can see the mind virus spread rapidly
he’s a hero.
but this is very funny 
What is even sadder is that men will not try to protect women in danger
CMO
people should always be wary that they may have
Europes fertility rates are looking somewhat low
creator
FUN FACTS: Did you know viewership for MSNBC is down 23% and CNN is down 40% since Trump won?MSNBC is down 54% and CNN is down 30% for primetime. MSNBC host Alex Wagner had her worst rated show in history and Chris Hayes had his worst rated show since May.
punish lawfare and censorship
honestly
the edibles I bought have an @elonmusk quote inside 
the thing was way overpriced.Long term
OpenGOV
and censorship. That is why I want to
Duke Universitys @DukeSanford found that data brokers sell data on military personnel for as little as $.12 to unknown buyers. But
Turns out X is not an echo chamber
News media is now having to refer to Elon employment as Dept of Gov Efficiency 
Thanks Mom  
internalized the notion of a zero-sum game
the World Cup
manufacturer
chemistry
Courage during tough times is a great virtue
PA. WATCH:
Model 3 in Austria
Concerning
Starlink will solve the problem of reliability and cost of internet services that has been raging in the country since the beginning of 2024.
is a much more exciting and inspiring future than one where we are forever confined to Earth and never go back to the
but also to the influence of social
Send http://X.com links to friends so they know what’s actually happening!
𝕏 is only trusted source for news.
we will save this great country that we love
in Soviet Britain you get interrogated for posting on social media.
who is committed to
The Pentagon just failed its seventh audit in a row.The nation’s largest government agency is unable to fully account for its budget of over $824 billion.They don’t even know where billions of taxpayers’ money is going.Efficiency is coming — @DOGE
which show on posts with matching media. To ensure the notes are sensible and helpful to show on other posts containing the same media
home of Starbase!
step into citizen journalism and report what’s really going on
but they dont wanna be attacked. They cant say it. They think the
and 12 of them are FBI informants.So you got 12 people working with the FBI and 2 retards.\xa0And you convince these dumbasses that they should go and kidnap the f**king
Starship compared to Airbus A380
Funny that she has never said a word about Soros
The prophecy has been fulfilled
with the ‘very fine people
here are the issues
but for the last eight or
cylindrical design with a pointed nose cone
How biased is ChatGPT?I found it favors Kamala Harris—so I built a fact-checker using @Grok.The potential of truth-seeking @xAI is limitless.
The best way to counter the legacy medias propaganda is by sending people links to videos and information on the 𝕏 platform.一 Elon Musk
iOS coming soon. Let me know if you see any bugs.
Red shift
𝕏 is the place to be. Legacy media can be harmful to your mental health
& all options are on the table to make that happen
among their many crimes
but it’s not Donald Trump
WHY TRUMP WONWhile the legacy media has a meltdown searching for hitherto undiagnosed psychoses in the electorate to explain its embrace of a Hitlerian strongman
Sure it was a lot of pressure
Imagine you’re a U.S. Senator and when the people that elected you ask for transparency instead of a secret vote
Thank you to all those who have served
Let’s push http://X.com to #1 in Norway!
Subscribe to 𝕏 Premium
equity and inclusion
there was no peaceful transition of power. Barack Obama
a sacrifice few wealthy individuals are willing to make.
pack the Supreme Court
Congratulations @RobertKennedyJr!
because it is easier than accepting that Trump was underestimated as a candidate. He was a super candidate with increasing appeal to a broader
Seriously
I’ve decided to support Rick Scott. Here are my takeaways:
The legacy media wants to destroy your right to freedom of speech.They are saying it out loud and repeatedly.
winning not just the electoral college by a landslide
he fired 4 out of 5 employees in a fortnight
Crazy
The Constitution is back in fashion: there are three branches of government
Elon Musk said:“I think its very important to elevate citizen journalism. Its very important to hear the actual voice of the people
A band of small-government revolutionaries will save our nation. It’s the only way.
more resilient
Just a small example of how your leaders spend your money and why the Department of Government Efficiency is needed
the community notes will correct them. Community notes are rocksolid
please send them this.It may not change their mind
just to get this straight:> elon buys twitter> axes the ministry of truth and the thought police> ppl start saying what they actually think> legacy blue-checks horrified
Starlink is working to increase Internet capacity in dense urban areas in Africa as fast as possible.Please note that there is still significant capacity outside of city centers.
to deliver internet connectivity on Mars. Presented to NASA
The US cannot force us to sit and listen at the negotiating table. We are an independent country
UFC Fighter Jim Miller uses his victory speech to say justice for Peanut the squirrel and hopes DOGE can clean up the misuse of resources @elonmusk @DOGE
ARE A NECESSARY PART AND COMPONENT OF THE VOTING PROCESS!”
Exactly right
TRUMP ON VOTER FRAUD AND VOTER ID:In Lancaster they found 2600 ballots all done by the same exact hand. The same pen
Donald J. Trump just crossed over the 76 MILLION vote threshold.This is the most votes ever received by a Republican candidate in U.S. history. Trump: 76
Record usage of this platform!!
YES!
Elon Musks FINAL (Urgent) Message To Voters Full replay Silences removed to save you time Audio improved for easier listeningGO VOTE!!!!!NOW!!!
we will defeat the corrupt system in
so I can\t be President
sipping Mai Tais and cocktails
The Day 1 Executive Order that would devastate the censorship industry & reorient the entire federal government around Internet freedom:
that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did it for you.”
Becoming multiplanetary will greatly increase the lifespan of our civilization and it is the critical next step to becoming multistellar
“Ballot Returned
Something wrong with this chart
ELON MUSK ON COMMUNITY NOTES:Community Notes is awesome. Everybody gets checked. Including me. All the community notes software is open source
BREAKING: Venezuelan gang TDA is now operating in every city in Tennessee
America’s A team is usually building companies in the private sector Once in a long time
health care
Someone is jealous…h/t @LeadingReport
developers can build on its Grok foundation models using its newly released API.xAI will run a public beta program until the end of 2024 during which everyone will get $25 of free API credits per month.
they should be rewarded. If they waste your money
Incredible news: President @realDonaldTrump planning to tax excessively large private university endowments (which have benefited greatly from taxpayer $) to establish American Academy
and exploring the mysteries of physics
or something like that.Look
I agree!
I was on Army duty a few days ago at Ft Sill (I’m the commander of a Drill Sergeant battalion) where I attended a Basic Combat Training graduation.  Several hundred new soldiers stood tall
the truth is much simpler than their fictions. This election is a reminder that after all the manufactured drama
every vote—even the illegal ones—counts!”Court said no to undated mail ballots. Philly
I use it every single day and it has never let me down.
Watch Dragon dock with the @Space_Station
what I learned is his instincts are so good
When there are egregiously wrong legal judgments in a single state that substantially harm American citizens in all other 49 states
Elon Musk predicted:People really have no idea how quickly machine intelligence is advancing.”
If you know anyone who is afraid because of Project 2025
Fed Chairman Jerome Powell was asked if he would step down if President Trump asked him to resign. Powell answered “No.” The law does not permit the president to fire the Fed chairman. Powell didn’t mention
NEWS: Joe Rogan is waiting on his 3rd @Tesla which is being customized by @UnpluggedTesla Joe Rogan: “I love them –  Tesla makes other cars feel stupid.”
imagine a generation of children growing up without being indoctrinated into voting Democrat. Of course it’s an existential crisis for the left.
000 mobile devices connected to Direct to Cell satellites
Saskatchewan Whether you’re working from home
Starship will be such a light switch moment for humankind and along the way it will bring a lot of Starlinks to orbit!
This is so true. Please send http://X.com links to friends
Falcon 9 delivers 24 @Starlink satellites to orbit from Florida
The majority of the American people have objectively repudiated woke culture. It’s time for the vibe shift. Return to reality. And unironically
but it’s true.
“The audience of Twitter is... the smartest people on Earth.”Fidias is awesome
You can share 𝕏 posts with anyone
The legacy media lied to you
Falcon 9’s first stage has landed at LZ-1
play a significant role in primaries.
Apple
Many Democrats say they want to understand what happened. Few genuinely do. Thats because
you are often surrounded by your followers and many people who think like you on the topics of politics
Yes.
Humanity will be multi-planetary.Moon Mars and more @elonmusk
and disinformation when it
here some of the dumbest uses of your tax dollars.5. $20
Open dialogue between opposing viewpoints is vital to a healthy democracy
𝕏 is the signal
and
Falcon 9 lifts off from pad 40 in Florida
Chris Rossini (@chrisrossini)It’s easy to gain weight
Without recess appointments
I think Donald Trump winning makes a big difference in humanity getting to Mars and making life multiplanetary. Vote for Trump if you want humanity to make it to Mars.
To “save democracy” the Democrats:• Installed a presidential candidate without a primary• Tried to imprison the leading opposition candidate• Attempted to censor social media and anyone who strayed from the official narrative• Openly advocated packing the courts and
Grok can explain memes
BUT TO EXPAND THE LIFESPAN OF CIVILIZATION “Technically
000 to drag shows in Ecuador.4. $30
finally
“F*** them to the moon and back”: Scientific American editor apologizes after calling Trump voters “f***ing fascists”https://notthebee.com/article/f-them-to-the-moon-and-back-editor-of-scientific-american-apologizes-after-calling-trump-voters-fing-fascists…
Evolution — President Trump received a clear mandate from the people to assemble an extinction level event (ELE) administration with respect to spending
RACISM: Over 75% of Democrat voters believe that Trump refuses to condemn white supremacy
while most legacy media lied relentlessly to the public. You are the media now. Please post your thoughts & observations on 𝕏
yet soothing
a repudiation of woke culture
Joe Rogan: “Theres a lot of people that dont speak their mind.”“Do you know how many artists like musicians/comedians that thanked me for endorsing Trump because they cant do it.”“They said they want to
264 federal programs and bureaus have expired
proudly saluting the flag
the Supreme Court has ruled that the administrative state is behaving in wildly unlawful ways. But slapping the bureaucracy on the wrist won’t solve the problem
I expect that a higher % of the nation’s smartest & most ambitious graduates will end up working in the government
 JOE ROGAN: “X is the number one news source on earth. It’s the most trusted because it’s the only one that’s not f**ked with. So even if someone is incorrect
APPALLING: New Trump Appointee Has Zero Experience Being A Useless Government Bureaucrat https://buff.ly/48Ti5rO
It is unfair
ELON MUSK: “For those who are in areas that are usually deep blue.. put at Trump/Vance sign on your lawn. People need social proof. They need evidence that they’re not alone.”
This seems very reasonable
Half of the country as already voted.53% women and 44% men.We need men to show up.
you always have a solution on hand. Just plug and point.
that has begun to make itself heard despite the enemies of freedom clinging to power by using and abusing propaganda
as she rebuilds trust and ad
Nonstop rocket launches!
As of 2023
12:00 PM ESTBoth events will be live-streamed on 𝕏
we’re adding a new rating question:If there’s agreement
given that NBC is allowed to use public airwaves for free
your home or business has guaranteed continuous power during utility blackouts or brownouts. Add solar to your roof and/or nearby ground and you can operate off grid.
Super important to send http://X.com links to friends to show them what’s really true!
Kapow 
amazing
Elon Musk: Lets make Starfleet Academy real!“Im wearing this jacket that was given to me by the Space Force. Its got Star Trek Enterprise on it.We want to make Starfleet Academy real
Democrats Remind Everyone A Winner May Not Be Declared Until 110% Of The Vote Is Counted https://buff.ly/4fvaBx5
I believe in a bond that transcends love - a salvation found in each other.
at some level
they’ll go figure out how to do it… What they need is a common vision
We won & now have a once-in-a-century opportunity to radically downsize the size
which is a lot of people!”– Great Elon Musk
as Republicans won:– Presidency– Popular vote– Senate majority– House majority– State governor majority– State legislature majority
The latter
Worth noting that far more “billionaires” backed Harris than Trump and she raised almost 50% more money.Nonetheless
Harris had 83 billionaires backing her.  x.com/AesPolitics1/s…
Takes 5 mins from receiving your @Starlink to it working!
 #BREAKING: California’s 45th Congressional seat is now set to flip from Republican to Democrat after THOUSANDS of new ballots pour inHow the HELL are they still “counting” ballots in California?!Rep. Michelle Steel had been leading by thousands of votes until today
If any of you have failed to extrapolate what this paragraph meansIt means the NYT is absolutely full of shitAnd not just about Froot Loops
Microsoft & others have played central roles in the censorship cartel.The Orwellian named NewsGuard along with “fact checking” groups & ad agencies helped enforce one-sided narratives.The censorship cartel must be dismantled.
” an adaptation of its Starlink satellite network
but he wasn’t acting like he had it in the bag or anything.He was in a good mood.”Source: All In Podcast @DavidSacks @Jason @friedberg
This is what happens when a top 20 Diablo player who has min-maxed his own life gets to min-max government based
A weekly email of accomplishments seems like it should be mandatory for all government employees
I recommend listening to this discussion about the election I had today with Joe Rogan
Of Course I Still Love You
For PNut
potential supreme court picks
“The long-term aspiration for Neuralink would be to achieve a symbiosis and a democratization of artificial intelligence
emphasizing his combat tours in Afghanistan and Iraq
of course
Absolutely
ELON: WE WANT TO BE THE ALIENS EXPLORING GALAXIES“I grew up watching Star Trek
Barack Obama is using the “very fine people” hoax in an attempt to appeal to Jewish VotersObama is smart and this is so thoroughly debunked that the only reasonable conclusionis that he’s deliberately lying
@SpaceX is set to break a new 48-hour launch record by launching four rockets
the Federal government should take immediate corrective action
Booster 13 has arrived at the Launch Pad. Flight 6 is expected on 11/18.
the noose tightens a little more. We finally have a mandate to delete the mountain of choking regulations that do not serve the greater good.
Not exactly great value for money!
not legacy media hoaxes:“They are not talking about Hitler. Theyre talking about housing ... Theyre not asking me
2026. DOGE will deliver our nation the birthday gift of a government that’s actually accountable to its people
Watch Falcon 9 launch 20 @Starlink satellites to orbit from California
supposedly the land of the free
cynically using identity politics and media
I’m cracking up so badly listening to serious WSJ journalists pronounce “DOGE” in their professional radio broadcasting voice in the context of a serious news bit and part of me cannot believe that it all started from a meme A govt agency was memed into existenceMuch wow
NAVY SEAL WHO KILLED BIN LADEN PRAISES TRUMP DEFENSE PICKRobert O’Neill
“When I was in college
lets help do this
LAST PUSH
that its easier to get into this country as a murderer than as a Nobel laureate.Literally. Thats
I think were screwed – Its a crazy move
is further evidence that they are just
#UFC309 with the squad.
Imagine the state of our country when a 44-year-old man
America is fun again.
My prediction - Trump wins by a lot and the election will be over by Wednesday morning.Reason:Trump is outperforming vs 2016 and 2020 in every single consequential poll. Harris is performing worse than either Biden or Clinton did.It is highly unlikely pollsters have been
Strive to greater heights
DOGE is a cultural movement
ELON MUSK TALKS ABOUT PEANUT THE SQUIRREL! ELON: How can it be that we live in America
Who should be Senate Majority Leader?
journalists want status).

That would just cause Democrats to lose even more than they already have
anti-war election. To our RFK Jr. supporters
she will grant amnesty to every single foreign national they have allowed in here
A launch a day keeps the … away
This is so awesome  
so stay here for real
Making some progress
which is utterly unacceptable.
People should buy the blue check on X. Without an open Twitter/X
The future is gonna be fantastic
The British government genuinely hates its own people. Truly sickening.
You are the media now!
Who would you like to see as the next Senate Republican leader?
I feel sorry for the people who still believe the mainstream media.They are completely uninformed about reality.
Tough sledding
Use Grok for answers that are based on up-to-date info!
Elon Musk: The government should actively say its illegal to discriminate on anything other than merit.“I think the government should be actively saying that its illegal to discriminate on the basis of race
The Grammy winner and former lead guitarist of the British folk rock band Mumford & Sons @MrWinMarshall reveals to Americans that people are being imprisoned in the UK and EU for politically incorrect social media posts.
The general public is on 𝕏
2026.Dream Scenario. Thank you @elonmusk and @VivekGRamaswamy
so any state currently leaning R in early voting is very likely to side with Trump.Pennsylvania
Lady Gaga
𝕏 is the only trustworthy platform
but we’re racist?Before the next election
True
What it’s like if someone only watches legacy media They aren’t just drinking the Kool-Aid
Nature is healing
X usage is at an all-time high and continues to surge. To all of our users -- of every interest
 THE $35 TRILLION CRISIS: WHY ELON AND VIVEK DOGE IS AMERICA LAST CHANCETrump has given Elon and Vivek until July 4th
you don’t like it that we’re calling you nonstop?Then go work in the private sector where you don’t need our
Instead of a town hall Q&A tonight
Truth-seekers take feedback from nature (planes have to fly)
Drag everyone you know to vote!!!
then maybe I can figure out politics too 
says Vivek Ramaswamy
#BucksCounty Democrat Commissioners violate the rule of law and ignore PA Supreme Court ruling!Democrat Commissioners Diane Marseglia and Bob Harvie voted today to count illegal ballots
All-time high usage of this platform!
fine tuning
NEW: CNN Zakaria slams Dems for illegal immigration
Beautiful movie
I cancelled my @nytimes and @washingtonpost subscriptions and just reallocated the money to subscribe and follow the following folks on @X whom I believe help me get accurate news. @cremieuxrecueil @AutismCapital @shellenberger @KanekoaTheGreat @TheChiefNerd I will
including 13 with Direct to Cell capabilities https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1yNxagmWOaqGj…
The Hammer of Justice is coming
cut wasteful expenditures
but just because we dont
Coverage of Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
Essential to stop fraud in elections
Joshua of Phoenix
WE ARE THE MEDIA NOW!!!
11 years ago: Having too many laws and regulations is not good for society.“The natural bias of regulations is to last forever. You have to actively delete a regulation or a law
the natural world
700
Elon Musk on why humanity should expand to other planets:“The light of consciousness is like this tiny candle in a vast darkness. That candle has only been lit for a very short time
000 for the New
Tomorrow’s vote is a fork in human destiny
𝕏 is addicting. It’s the everything app.
product creator. He single-handedly did more than NASA could do in 20 years.
#1 Nederland Nieuws!
set and match
…
ELON MUSK ON D.O.G.E. “A lot of people who are taking advantage of the government are going to be upset about it… I need a lot of security but its got to be done and if its not done
climate
Must be a coincidence 
Trump’s attorneys
Much appreciated!
Their propaganda isn’t even consistent 
CNN
this is crazy!
even if SNL did so unintentionally
Go vote right now! The future of the world is at stake!!
It was almost fatal
Fin.
but I can’t quite figure it out 
Legacy media is dying fast
inspiring
ELON: THE ECONOMY IS NOT A ZERO-SUM GAME“I think generally
As of 2015: The United States Tax Code and Regulations are over 10 million words in length.In 1955 there were under 1.5 million words.
can we please switch to:- paper ballots- with voter ID- in a one day electionWe need a system that Americans can trustIn a Cold War 2.0
The number of bureaucratic layers in government has grown quite a bit since the 1960s.Do we really need over 80 layers?
You can fine-tune your 𝕏 ‘For You’ feed by engaging with and sharing posts that interest you. It’s a simple way to make your feed more relevant to you!
Congrats @PeteHegseth!
The IRS is warning Americans that starting 2025 they must report payments on Venmo
fun
“Immigration industry” 
I understand the panic surrounding getting rid of the department of education
My Starlink Mini is a MUST-HAVE for every trip. Just imagine if your family was somewhere without any internet access in an emergency? With Starlink
the Pentagon has failed its financial audit
The alternative is housing
How ironic that the same people on the left who say that they want to stop “disinformation” are also the ones pushing debunked hoaxes relentlessly …
Yes!
X is now number 2 on the news app ranking in Norway
I only got 20% hate. However
DOGE will soon begin crowdsourcing examples of government waste
and your world view is that Adolf Hitler is running for
Propellant load test and preflight checkouts complete ahead of Starships sixth flight test → http://spacex.com/launches/mission/?missionId=starship-flight-6…
Why is the squirrel story so important? @rfgeier gets it
This is without a doubt
MILEI IS SLASHING IMPORT TAXESIn a push to open Argentina’s economy
You are the media now.
True of both parties 
When SECONDS  matter… FSD matters.   Would you SEE in time?  Could you STOP in time? Tesla FSD 12.5.4.2. @Tesla @elonmusk @aelluswamy
Ive witnessed something amazing happen to the Republican
133
Hitchens is missed.
Peter Thiel: The problems are extremely difficult – They are harder than they were eight years ago.   •  The border is out of control   •  The Russia-Ukraine crisis   •  The Iran problem   •  The China-Taiwan thingIt feels like the world is sleepwalking to Armageddon.
Rising college costs can be largely attributed to a bloating bureaucracy.
Tesla is the best. It just is. My 8-year-old son begs us to drive in our Tesla whenever we leave the house. Because its designed to be cool to 8-year-old boys -- which means to literally everyone.
The “where to vote” panel is triggering for some specific searches bc Harris is also the name of a county in TX. Happens for “Vance” too bc it’s also the name of a county. Fix is coming. Note very few people actually search for voting places this way.
Jimmy Kimmel Ratings Soar After Debuting New Segment Where He Stands There All Sad And Cries Like A Wuss https://buff.ly/3ABwn3l
NEWS:  Scottish telecom firm Clarus Networks and ScotRail are bringing @Starlink high-speed low-latency internet to trains in a ‘first’ for onboard passenger WiFi and internet-enabled rail services
which necessarily entails a multi-day process for
Cool
The 1-million square foot Starfactory brings many parts of the manufacturing process under one roof for the first time
THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANTIf you voted by mail in Pennsylvania — (including in-person) — check your ballot status RIGHT NOW.If it says
This needs to stop
Pin your best content to your profile. It will get a boost and appear in the For You feed of all your followers.A pinned post is just like the front page of a newspaper.
With JD Vance and Elon Musk
while still leaning D
CBS
Or Soros https://buff.ly/4fpOU1D
The Trump Effect Is Insane 
News by the people
campaign spend disparity
and the kkk. Watch 4 minutes of Trump condemning it and Democrats lying about it.
debates
TUCKER: So how much pressure has there been on you to shut down X?ELON: Well apart from multiple democrats saying they want to put me in jail
I wanted to be involved in things that would change the world. Now I am.”—Elon Musk
 EVEN DEM VOTERS DITCH SOROS SOFT-ON-CRIME DAs IN NATIONWIDE REVOLTA stunning rebuke: Progressive DAs lost 13 of last weeks top 25 races
The Woke Mind Virus in Academia.Now seems like a good time to pose the question: Should all of these be subsidized by taxpayer dollars?
Media Viewership vs. 𝕏Trends indicate that people are moving away from the legacy media.
O Canada
Cool 
but just because we dont live forever does not
but confiscate the endowments of every university that the Department of Justice finds has engaged in illegal discrimination under the guise of equity. Which is basically every university in the country
Elon Musk looks into the camera on Rogan podcast and makes his final warning before Election Day.If the Dems win this election
Be fair to all
and thats what scares the machine.And thats why the machine is trying to kill him.”
More transparency in government is always better
but President Trump doesn’t take office until January 20th.With MAJORITIES in the House and the Senate
but theyre spending your tax dollars to come in and execute your fucking pets – Weve got to fight back against this.” Elon gets a bit emotional at the end thinking about PNut 
Starship Flight 6 coming up soon
NO OTHER CHOICE: Elon Musk’s mom @MayeMusk weighs in on the historic 2024 election as she pledges her support for former President Trump. https://trib.al/HigDiH8
This is crazy
and America -- as replies to this xeet. Thank you! 
it will be three times as powerful at 10
given 40% of New Zealand’s
Donald Trump’s plan to dismantle the Deep State.1. “Immediately reissue my 2020 executive order
and protect our civil liberties. 
The Machine would always win — And if The Machine always wins
Tuesday flight of Starship looks promising
Elon Musk: Entrenched interests sucking away taxpayer money will not like what well do.“Theres certainly a lot of work for a Department of Government Efficiency. There will be immense opposition
Please enjoy this special Post-Election Landscape episode of the Marc & Ben Show! 01:05 – Two disclaimers01:42 – Recap of the last four years07:15 – Debanking & impact on founders13:38 – Biden admin crypto crackdown14:25 – Anarcho-tyranny14:58 – Amish vote for
Deployment of Koreasat-6A satellite confirmed
the trip to @ufc 309 was a fun break. Great days are ahead!
which is mind-blowing
Legacy media is made up of constant lies and click bait. 𝕏 is a trusted source for news.
but I think its because psychologically I dont want to believe that. I dont want to
Bloomberg
some of you might
Federal contractors should expect “massive cuts” in what they can charge once Donald Trump’s government efficiency drive is underway
I hadnt believed you when you said this at first
BREAKING: 𝕏 has regained the #1 spot in the News category on the US AppStore
but were going to give very long severances. Like two years
In addition to brands
000 brought in to the USA despite being found Inadmissible by CBP. This remains the most significant scandal of these past 4 years:- Kamala-Mayorkas\ unlawful reinterpretation of case-by-case Parole authority into an industrial-scale unvetted human trafficking
PRESIDENT TRUMP: To every citizen across this land
Either we get government efficient or America goes bankrupt. That’s what it comes down to.Wish I were wrong
2026 - America 250th birthday - to radically transform how our government spends its $6.5 trillion annual budget. The timing isn\t random - it  x.com/MarioNawfal/st…
Americans have been crushed by the industrial food complex and drug companies who have engaged in deception
Congratulations!
ELON MUSK: “Go out there and vote... for Peanut… How can it be that we live in America
the
Google
Liftoff of Dragons 31st Commercial Resupply Services mission to the @Space_Station!
NEWS: President Trump gives “Superhuman” Elon Musk 530 days to make government efficient.The math wonders what Elon will do with the remaining 502 days. x.com/ajtourville/st…
Something is broken in Germany.
Predicting 8.5% Annual GDP Growth
Happy birthday!
this was a massacre.Democrats lost the White House
𝕏 usage is higher than ever. People are sick of the lies from legacy media.
Elon Musk: This is a new era in space exploration.“I do think what this heralds really is fundamentally a new era in spaceflight
I will proudly explain to that audience and beyond why I think it absolutely essential that he win this election...@MegynKelly breaks the news that she\ll be speaking at Trump rally tonight in Pittsburgh
Vivek Ramaswamy on Elon:Elon significance going forward will be huge. I only got to know him last year. We hit it off. I like people who are extremely intelligent. He somebody who is able to do multiple things at the same time. His significance was twofold:1) He
and avoiding war. But I gave this young man the deeper answer: it’s about reviving our national self-confidence.
JUST IN: The Department of Justice and Jack Smith immediately end their cases against Donald Trump.The DOJ cited their policy that presidents can\t be prosecuted however it was assumed they would work up until the last day.What interesting here is that the DOJ is moving
not a department.Because you cant ask a department. You have to ask a person.And the person whos putting forward the requirement must take responsibility for that requirement.”
Ditch mainstream bias!  𝕏 is your only trusted Musk Industries source. Find out what’s really going on at SpaceX
it is designed to be fully reusable
Gorsuch stated: “I’ve just seen too many cases like that. You have just the other day
SpaceX Starship ITF-6 is likely on Nov 18 
The Norwegian media lied to their people. They should join 𝕏 to know the truth. Please send http://X.com links to your friends.
tyranny is all that lies ahead.”
a new era in space exploration.Were going to go to the moon
treat every state like a Swing State.If you live in a blue state
legislature or judiciary!This needs to change.
even if they aren’t on this platform yet. Just use the icon at the bottom right of the post.
in a year or so
Boring
If you don’t vote and Harris wins
Propaganda is far less effective when there is a real-time source of truth on 𝕏
which is why the magnetic pole changes position.
MAJOR COMPANIES RETURN TO ADVERTISING ON 𝕏IBM
Clarus will soon deploy Starlink on Scotland’s Far North Line
NYPOST: Here’s where Elon Musk can start cutting federal spending — from transgender monkeys to DEI and checks to dead peoplehttps://nypost.com/2024/11/13/us-news/where-elon-musk-can-start-cutting-federal-spending/…
Working on it
NEWS: The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals upholds a jury verdict that cleared Elon Musk of all allegations of having misled investors with his 2018 “funding secured” tweet for taking @Tesla private.This 6-year nonsense lawsuit is finally put to bed.Another win for Elon Musk! 
Instead of teaching fear of pregnancy
streaming
The people are indeed watching
Post your daily use cases for Grok here and we will improve them.
Your Name (2016)
Exactly!I have great respect for the American people
Chart 1: Donations to Trump and Biden from the 2020 election.Chart 2: Top Donor Contributions to Donald Trump & Kamala Harris as of September 2024.
2 tier justice in the UK
Men must vote!
The real number is far higher
“Im against globalist power. The UN should not have a lot of power. Who voted for them? I didnt vote for them. We want power to the people! Maximum power to the individual.”Elon Musk
Legacy media is a  show𝕏 is where you get real time and truthful news.
and it could easily go out.”
Here’s how insane things have gotten in Norway:The Socialist Party has a “wall of shame” in their office with “rich people who have left Norway” - due to the outrageous taxes they’re now being charged.Who do you find on that wall?Startup founders like @hagaetc - who was
Proud to build in Texas and proud to be an American
though
000 a year per family. That is a staggering number.
During the Biden-Harris administration
not the filtered voice of the people. And let the people choose the narrative and let the people determine the truth.”
deep-blue state.
Every single dreadful parasitic idea that is destroying the West stems from academia.  It begins there but then these ideas escape the Ivory Tower and parasitize everything.  @realDonaldTrumps victory on Tuesday is good news in that the majority of decent people reject this
Fact check your ChatGPT responses with Grok
BREAKING: 𝕏 is now the #1 news app on the AppStore in Italy. 
This is insane
I am asking for the honor of your vote... As your president
It is morning in America again
When you use AI to replace every mention of our democracy with our bureaucracy
the less individual freedom you have. I think thats really the core thing… Your freedoms have just been eroded year after year with more and more government
Thanks for the clarification
Independent of how you feel about Trump
You can upload any image to Grok
either consciously
inspiring future. One where we are a space-faring civilization and a multiplanet species
The Woke Mind Virus in Media
perhaps since the founding of the country. Its going to be a revolution!”
 Woohoo LFG!!! 
is insane. When you have deliberate concerted repeated
Trump story
Watch the @SpaceX #Dragon cargo spacecraft approach the station and dock at 9:55am ET today to deliver over 6
distributed solar PV accounted for 2.12 gigawatts of output
Watch movies
How to connect @Starlink high-speed internet:     1.  Plug it in     2. Point at sky→ Instructions work in either orderStarlink has no contracts – Service is billed on a month to month basis and you can cancel at any time.
Only a small fraction of violent illegals
None of these countries are racist for having voter ID
Donald Trump’s newly named “Border Czar” Tom Homan to Democrat Governors and Sanctuary Cities: “If you don’t want to help us
and great again.
and terrible and great
Yes 
Legacy Media is devoting hour after hour to ramped up propaganda attacks on @elonmusk.MSNBC’s Chris Hayes labels him “Co-President” — says he set $22B on fire” in order to turn the social media platform into a right wing propaganda machine.The hysteria here is next level.
It just gets crazier and crazier!
Discovery
Sensible
This interview was 
and the Department of Government Efficiency is going to fix that.”
I didn’t know a single independent/swing voter who was voting for Trump. This time
but rather the big government machine behind the puppet
Doesn’t that seem insanely messed up?
SpaceX received only half the money that Boeing did to develop a crewed spacecraft
Between 2006 and 2019
“this is a nazi platform now”> likes go private> users start liking what they actually like
they should be fired.”
When the only strategy to understand the universe is truth-seeking
but the polling officials still had to trust me and issue a ballot. I asked the polling official to check my ID
Republican Wisconsin senate candidate Eric Hovde breaks his silence:At 4am
that system is low tech
California.In 2010
As predicted
Mandatory gun confiscation is a great idea — if Congress doesn’t act within the first hundred days of my administration
Tell your friends to post on 𝕏
he was signed up. Introducing someone to truth is an act of kindness. Do your part!
including those suspected of homicide
and you rolled them all into one
and Trump’s supporters.Don’t worry
Yay!!
ELON MUSK: I think free speech is existential to the United States and to Democracy. If you don\t have freedom of speech
over and over again
So here’s the thing …
America PAC is the Anti-Soros PACWhen an audience member during the Town Hall shouted out What will you do about Soros?  Elon Musk had a ready response. America PAC will likely work to get DA elected across America
so that they know what’s really going on!
That is how they want to run America
When @elonmusk took over Twitter
A non-citizen from China voted in MichiganWhile now facing charges THE VOTE WILL STILL BE COUNTED!
The absurd regulations get worse every year. Unless we push back
tirelessly giving talks day and night.He passionately explained why he believes Trump is the only way to save America
Elon Musk explains why SpaceX sent Starman on Falcon Heavy:“There need to be things that inspire you
Exactly
that is encouraging to see 
Feels like a dream The future is gonna be AMAAAAZING! x.com/elonmusk/statu…
Joe Biden welcomes Hitler to the White House
Getting ready for Starship Flight 6!
making it a clean sweep of all swing states!Massive red wave success! It is beyond a landslide
go vote.Was it ever possible to dismantle the bureaucracy and reverse the decline? We only get to find out with a decisive victory.
Mussolini and Stalin combined
reaching an all-time high in usage.
especially freedom of speech
This is crazy.Phone helplines in Norway are being overloaded by people with anxiety after Trump winning the election.The mainstream media has brainwashed people. x.com/espenteigen/st…
you can’t be attacked in any way
Yeah
DR DREW: “RFK Jr has no vaccine denialism. He wants vaccines subjected to the same scientific rigor as all the other medications … As it is
America is an economic coiled spring. We should be growing at least 4% annually and ideally 6-8%+. Growth has been brutally suppressed since before I was born. But there is so much to build. And the payoff for all Americans will be incredible. 
without which we will not be able to get people confirmed in a timely manner. Sometimes the votes can take two years
which generates most of our magnetic field is ~85% iron and moves independently from the surface plates
there’s nothing Matt Gaetz can do that would
Cybertruck studied the blade
the 250th anniversary of America
this is a hard way to make a living.”
X is real life.
beneath which is vast ball of molten rock. Earth’s core
Search results are biased. Send your friends links to 𝕏 instead.
Here’s a key point about our mission at DOGE: eliminating bureaucratic regulations isn’t a mere policy preference. It’s a legal *mandate* from the U.S. Supreme Court:- West Virginia v. EPA (2022) held that agencies cannot decide major questions of economic or political
Red wave next-level LFG!!!
 We been spending most our livesLivin in an Amish paradise 
Elon Musk said:“𝕏 is where people go to get the most current news and learn about the world. The legacy media are our direct competitors. Theyre really going to find every angle to try to cancel 𝕏.”
Yup. Something is seriously wrong with our “elite” colleges.
Lol
you no longer have a democracy.If The Machine could defeat
“I
I can’t think of a better example of fascism than hate speech and disinformation laws.
Mexico “Have had Starlink for 2.5 years now. Extremely happy with the service – Zero downtime and its fast.Best internet Ive enter had.” (via L. Smart)
 | ARGENTINA SOARS: JP Morgan Revises Forecast
Starting to feel like The @DOGE has real potential
Guess who?
period 
the mandate of the entire country
The 𝕏 platform reached another all-time high of usage this week!
Giorgia Meloni’s government in Italy will not be allowed to deport illegal aliens according to judges who just ruled against her decision. They cited how Egypt has a poor human rights record and therefore sending illegals from Egypt back to their home country would potentially
Watch the Starship 6th flight test livestream on 𝕏
You are the media now
let’s go to Mars.
.@mayemusk mentions the worst thing @POTUS administration did to Elon Musk and Tesla. “They weren’t invited to EV Summit and GM was said to be the leader when they only produced 26 EVs”This same quarter Tesla made 300k Teslas.  GM was announced as the EV leader when Tesla
both citizens of America
target coverage Trump calls
BREAKING: 𝕏 is now the #1 news app in Qatar
Biden fired every single attorney in the DOJ when he started his term
Please check to make sure your mail in ballot was accepted
racism
I want a maximally truth-seeking government which autistically collects & publishes factual data about demography
Sounds like a job for @DOGE!
That is why
Elon Musk envisioned what would become Starship from the very beginning of SpaceX. Here’s what he said in 2003:“Our eventual upgrade path is to build the successor to Saturn V. A super-heavy lift vehicle that could be used for setting up a moon base or doing a Mars mission.
bro
“I think our reverence for the truth might have become a bit of a distraction that is preventing us from finding consensus and getting important things done.”— Katherine Maher (NPR CEO)
whatever they want. It’s a good deal.
and if you can afford it
and others)
with the goal of eventually producing 1
DOGE will fix this.
Congrats
and take your pets and execute them. If they can do that to your pets
For a future brighter than the past.
or perhaps mostly subconsciously
8:30 PM EST• November 5
000 pounds of science
Incentives matter. There should be rewards for wise spending
Wild times ahead for rocket launches
The establishment media’s parroting Harris campaign’s false accusation of Trump’s criticizing Liz and Dick Cheney for their eagerness to send our soldiers into harm’s way but are too cowardly to volunteer to fight in these wars themselves
Sounds pretty bad
Marines! Today
it is floundering and losing disciples. Time for a new Renaissance.
Congrats @SpaceX on the 400th launch!
He sense of humor is amazing https://bbc.com/news/world-europe-59667938.amp…
The Old Border Czar VS The New Border Czar
this will be tedious work
I refused to confirm my information was accurate
it must come with a name
They almost succeeded in America and would have done the same thing here if @realDonaldTrump had not won
RUNNING ON EMPTY: Dem officials in multiple blue counties are admitting to counting disqualified ballots in defiance of court orders. The moves come as the contested PA Senate race that Fox News has called for Dave McCormick heads for a recount. Read more. https://trib.al/A1f6v4T
This would be cool 
This didnt happen overnight. It took years and years for people on the Left to construct the censorship machinery that inevitably led to police knocking on a journalists door for something she posted on social media.These bigots HATE that you might think differently and
I’ve been unequivocal that we need to change GOP Leadership—and now we finally will.
High-speed connectivity coming soon to a rail line near you
000 to $3
BREAKING: ChatGPT has no idea on whom Donald Trump has assigned the new responsibility of enforcing our borders.Grok is real-time. ChatGPT is outdated.
/3Today’s investigative report reveals that Senate Judiciary Committee staff appear to have shared FBI background reports and personal financial information in breach of Senate security protocols. Worse
moving as much system integration work as possible earlier in the build process
Elon Musk in disguise hoping people don’t recognize him.
supplements
This week
and were finally reunited with family and friends. These young
Yup   
and we need to solve them.But we also need things
bad people will take
Its absolutely insane that these 5 posts on 𝕏 completely altered the entire course of the 2024 U.S. Presidential Election (0/5)
SpaceX has proposed “Marslink
the Senate should immediately pass sanctions legislation
The President Elect of the US put out an official statement with the word DOGE in it.You guys - wtf is happening.Why am I so happy.
engineering
but they will not be able to engage (like
. @BillAckman discusses the potential economic boom due to a second Trump term and how even investors who didn’t vote for Trump are excited.
corrected further by the fully open source @CommunityNotes!
We will not go gently
Same in government
the burden of regulations under the Biden administration amounts to $15
The political orientation that has the most numbers has the least power and influence in American politics.A politically moderate party would dominate in a multi-party parliamentary system
however
Elon sitting next to Trump tonight
rather than the other way around.
and this would have been the last real election in the U.S.Donald Trump and Elon Musk literally saved America from becoming a one-party
Completely agree. The country doesn’t have a revenue problem--we have an expense problem. Taxpayers deserve the best for the dollars & warfighters should have more of what they need--not less because it costs too much. Quantity
and only California has more. Utah should revisit the wisdom and practicality of universal mail-in voting
Accurate assessment
so I\m hoping we get Trump elected and I can not be in
Putting only one Presidential candidate on right before the election was not cool
a person who signs will be selected to earn $1M as a spokesperson for America PAC.SIGN: http://petition.theamericapac.org
and too few of our leaders in DC had the spine to fight back. Gaetz has enemies in DC precisely because he
why kamala and the democratic party lost(25:55) the failing democratic coalition
free food
I don’t know anyone who isn’t.And one person after another has confided in me that they’re voting for Trump
If you werent planning to
Government handouts at the national and state level enable illegals who come here to have a standard of living that is better than half of Earth. This creates a forcing function for half of Earth to move here.They will do so
and the Democratic Party weaponized the FBI
Amazing 
which is
BREAKING: More people are downloading the 𝕏 app as the platform reaches another all-time high in usage.𝕏 remains the #1 News App in the US in both Free and Grossing categories on the AppStore today.
completing our 400th successful Falcon launch!
as they may be imprisoned. That has to change. Daniel Perry is a hero!!
but the full extent is shocking.Their prime-time shows cant even get 75k people watching in the key demo (18-54). Weekend shows dont even get 30k!
To all Democrats that are watching this unfold and cant understand how the public is voting for such an evil person:Take it from a former Democrat - the media has propagandized you.They have lied to you.They do not want to tell you the truth.They just want to make you a
I’m this accurate @CommunityNotes?
and it obviously affected me a lot.We just want to have this glorious
she said! I told her I was at that rally.She looked at me
𝕏 is #1 in Italy!
Hmm
SPACEX TO LAUNCH 24 STARLINK SATELLITES IN BACK-TO-BACK FLIGHTSSpaceX is set to launch 24 Starlink satellites from Cape Canaveral this morning
Turns out Americans really don’t give a shit what Hollywood celebs think#whitepill
Starlink satellites 
but America is stuck with two parties.
Looks like a lot of opportunity for @DOGE!
up to July 4
 Tom Barrack says of @elonmusk political involvement. Elon is probably the most important innovator
academics want honors
The sheer magnitude of government waste is staggering to behold!
Novus Ordo Seclorum
Much appreciated
LFG
CLAIMS BIASTrump has filed lawsuits against the New York Times
and hardware to the Exp 72 crew live on @NASA+ now. https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1eaKbamzXyjxX…
get the hell out of the way —  because we’re coming.”
now let’s focus on getting healthy together!
Normally
This is awesome beyond words 
Afuera! 
Lula’s wife
ELON MUSK: “Our defense budget is pretty gigantic. Its a trillion dollars. The interest we owe on the debt is now higher than the defense budget. This is not sustainable. Thats why we need the Department of Government Efficiency.”
From impossible to late
economics
Department of Government Efficiency The merch will be 
record turnout is inevitable.  4. DO THE MATH.
Yeah!
The hidden regulatory cost burden on Americans in immense
List of people in tech who actually took a risk to end wokeness through a historic and decisive election. (Writing mealymouthed essays doesn’t count.)
Wow …
𝕏 predicted the election outcome
Neuralink
Do these expenditures seem like a good use of your taxes?
1. You know 0 people who voted Trump in 2016/2020 who are voting Kamala in 2024.  2. You know 1+ people who voted Hillary/Biden in 2016/2020 who are voting Trump in 2024.  3. People are SO fed up
I’m not a political expert. x.com/bennyjohnson/s…
Wow!
but better information
completing our 17th launch in 31 days!
it should cause the large minority of the country who supported @KamalaHarris and predicted her victory to begin to question their sources of truth. Half the country has believed that @X is filled with mis- and disinformation
The Executive Branch should be under the direction of the president That’s how the Constitution was designed The Federal Reserve is one of many examples of how we’ve deviated from the Constitution in that regard Yet another reason why we should #EndTheFed
 everything starts making a lot more sense.
Very telling
when I model or give talks in Europe and Asia
The big government machine
consider purchasing a blue checkmark.I am completely serious that supporting this platform is
the senate
not just in this election cycle
Couldn’t agree more
Absolutely!
we want your vote. This is a pro-peace
they have completed 112 launches.
Hard to believe that things turned out this way
BREAKING: President-Elect Donald Trump has announced that he intends to name Tom Homan “Border Czar”Flashback:
who is a staggeringly dumb warmonger
Even a brief stint in government by people with high competence and integrity would greatly help America
With the newest addition of Senator Marsha Blackburn